Title: '10,000 mile gamble of a solo depressive '
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/10-000-mile-gamble-of-a-solo-depressive
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ben Jones
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: I'm 19, fresh off dropping out of uni and feel it adamant within my mind that
  travelling is what is needed to save what you could call a tired and World weary
  soul. Aspirations of creating a newly invigorated taste for life. The naivety of
  course was apparent,  For every life changing moment experienced, it felt insignificant,
  leaving me wanting, for whatever was either behind or in front of me. Each new location
  brought me wanting to me back where I was more, forgetting the mindset, of which
  was essentially the same that made me so want to leave. This sums up my journey.
  One could say wasted, but no. I think what is important is gaining something, and
  even if you have not achieved an aim through a journey. As I did through my turbulent
  2 months. It is to recognise the patterns that have haunted you from home in a more
  objective setting. Alien to familiarity. I'm a bit of a introvert who likes to think
  he is an extravert. And so my many failed attempts at socialising always seemed
  to surprised me even though they probably shouldn't. That can be a disappointing
  and isolating feeling. An embarrassing one too. So stakes like these make a person
  less motivated to be out, tired excuses I know. But it is up to know when one's
  soul needs to be cleansed by themselves. I wish I had the mental energy to travel
  forever, but I'm in a defeated state. And so my journey is a way of people understanding
  that timing, self patience and self awareness is required to pursue journeys that
  are right for ourselves, for the journey in discovering ourself should be a priority
  because a journey is wasted on a traveller who's soul is as disjointed as his navigation.
