Title: 10 day Mission Trip to China.
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/10-day-mission-trip-to-china
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Weii Matsushita
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Ten college students and I, (including me would make ten). We traveled from
  Hawaii to China to work with the Dong people of China.

  And on our first day in China, one of our friends named Qny, got of the bus we chartered
  during our stay in China, and there were people who gathered around our bus offering
  leis, and Qny says (Oh, just like in Hawaii) and she accepted a lei, and they asked
  her for money.


  And during our stay at a hotel, they said we would need to get our fresh linens
  on Monday(s). If we miss the linen day on Monday, we shall spend the entire week
  sleeping with our linens for the week.

  Interestingly, the next day...we went to another part of China, and all of the people
  began to board our bus, and we attempted to inform the people the bus was for private
  use and not for public transportation, however, they boarded our bus anyway, and
  they brought onto the bus, their fresh catch fishes, pets, and goats, and we decided
  to drop them off to where they were going.


  Five college students are from Hawaii (meaning we have dark hair, and dark eyes,)
  and the other five college students are from the mainland.

  We hiked to a small village to work / meet the Dong people from China, and they
  have never seen Caucasian people before, and they have never seen photos of themselves,
  and being five of us has dark hair, and dark eyes, they wondered as to why we did
  not speak Chinese. And interestingly, all of their families lives upstairs and all
  of their animals lives downstairs.

  On the third day of our stay in China, some of the friends we made in China, took
  all of us to a local restaurant in the village, and the waitress took us out back
  to a cage, and in the cage held various types of animals, and we could choose which
  animal we wanted and they would prepare our selection for us.

  And we thanked the kindness of the owners of the restaurant and we decided to eat
  somewhere else.

  And the restaurant we did decide to go to (as a group decision) everything was swimming
  in grease.


  Overall, we had a very nice time, visiting / making new friends and forging new
  relationships across the vast ocean to last our mission team a lifetime of memories.


  Weii Matsusita

  Hilo, Hawaii'
