Title: 2008 Financial Crisis and trip to holy land
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/2008-financial-crisis-and-trip-to-holy-land
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nicolas Aparicio Mac Lean
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'I was ending my first year of study of my bachelor''s degree when In the year
  2008 the great financial crisis shock the world. This was due to a huge non regulation
  in the financial markets leading by the banks. That granted loans to a lot of people
  that at the they could pay their mortgage and their loans in exchange of their new
  house.


  In that year I was ending my first year of bachelor study in business when we had
  the opportunity to travel to see the holy Land. A huge gift from an unknown person
  make this possible not family, not my friends, not my girlfriend. An unknown and
  still unknown person make this possible. This was an unique opportunity to see,
  learn, experience what is the best personal experience. It was not my parents, family,
  friend, nor spouse nor girlfriend make this possible.



  Going to the holy Land is going back to the story of the best seller and most ancient
  stories. The holy Bible. It is a an opportunity for yourself to find yourself with
  what you belief. Not other person what you belief.


  I still treasure it as a the best experience of my life. No doubt, no regrets that
  there was not possible opportunity to match nor better experience.


  We started when we landed at the airport of Tell Aviv. In that place we noted we
  where not in our culture. The huge security process and the continuos questions
  and more questions so the local police can be sure that we are peaceful, made us
  to have a shocking first impression of Israel.


  We went after that to Jerusalem whereas we stayed at the Mater Dei Hotel. It has
  blue helmet soldiers from the United Nations making the security services of the
  hotel. Since it belongs to the Vatican.


  To be continued...'
