Title: A beautiful memory.
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-beautiful-memory
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: "C\xE9sar Peralta"
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'About 5 years ago my family organized a trip in which my parents, my brother,
  paternal grandparents, maternal grandfather and I went; this trip went to Veracruz,
  Mexico.

  We love that city, but the port where the pier is and you can see a few meters the
  boats that enter, from boats to freighters, ocean liners and cruises.

  I remember it perfectly since it was the last trip we made with my paternal grandmother,
  she was called Laura and she was a very nice person, attentive and showed us love
  and I just wanted the family to be united.

  Those days walking on the boardwalk, going to the famous restaurant El Cafe de la
  Parroquia, enjoy the beach with the humid heat of Veracruz and the breeze that the
  sea offers, the waves and the seafood that they offer you to eat on the beach.

  Sharing a normal weekend with my family is the most incredible thing, but when we
  travel, everything is happiness and surprises because every day you find new things
  or things that you have already lived but that feels like the first time, that feeling
  is a thousand better times when they are laughing and telling stories that something
  funny happened to us, now imagine that on the beach eating seafood, the best.

  But what happened when I came back to Mexico was what nobody expected, my maternal
  grandmother was diagnosed with stomach cancer, and when I think of her, that trip
  always comes to my mind because of everything we went through, like all those moments
  when I came to her house and she hugged me and offered me rompope, the drink that
  we love the most.

  This trip for me was beautiful, because some time later my paternal grandmother
  Laura died of stomach cancer. To this day, I remember her with a lot of love and
  affection, eager to hug her and tell her that I miss her.

  I did not expect to find this trip, as the best of my life so far.'
