Title: A Bid to Come Over
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-bid-to-come-over
SetInCountry: Nigeria
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Benjamin Oyediji
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: Growing up in the country side of a South Weternn State of my country Nigeria
  was actually challenging for me. It will really, or what do you expect from a boy
  who lost his father at a very tender age of 11 and who happened to support the mother
  in order to get enough to eat. life was lived in its innocency and it was just pleasant
  for a a family of three in a country yard. My mother, my sisiter and I need to survive
  through it all. So, life was lived to the maxium because i have a diary of memories
  of certain nolstagic feelings of the rustic life lived. School attendance was normal
  and necessary because my mother wouldn't listen to any tenable reason for staying
  away from school and having discovered this there is no way to win her heart to
  stay away or abscond from the school. We truly attend school as a routing but  there
  were no motivations except the one drawn by self in a later year. We didin't realised
  in time that going to school mean much than answering attendance until we realised
  we couldn't make our Senior School Examination papers at once and to start againg
  was a real tug of war. Eventually, the soon open and i went to another school to
  prepare for another examination. it was the journey here that actually changed my
  perspective to life and approaches to my studies drastically changed. In the new
  school I now began to mingle with children whose parent aren't farmers but elites...
  this went a long way to change my approach to life. My very effort and the pace
  at which I learnt is highly commendable too because I learnt very fast. I did the
  exam and pass and went to higher institution, College of Education and thereafter
  University. and after the University since surviving in the cities has not been
  reported good in my ears, i don't really want to dare it. So, I returned back to
  the village to continue as a local champion and a village teacher. Alas! a telephone
  call from a friend who bidded me to come over to Lagos. I made a lot of excuses
  so as not to go and actually complained about money, ' you don't have enough money
  with with you?" Segun asked me. I replied, ''yes, i don't have money and I can't
  come to Lagos empty." then he said, "Just look for your transort fare and come over".
  Briskly, i packed my luggage and off to Lagos I went... This was a leap to the unknown
  which eventually made me what I am today.
