Title: A Boy in a Barren Land
DateModified: '2019-02-21'
DatePublished: '2019-02-21'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-boy-in-a-barren-land
SetInCountry: Ethiopia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Niall Westley
AuthorCountry: Hong Kong
Text: 'In the heat and the dust, our game little white egg of a minivan plows straight
  into a crater sized pothole. The impact jars through my legs, which are folded up
  and pressed hard against the row in front because they have nowhere else to go in
  the tiny cabin. A woven nylon sack beneath me squawks in indignation, and the woman
  next to me peels herself carefully off the plastic seat to retrieve it. We six fellow
  unfortunates who share the back seat twist awkwardly away to free a pocket of space.
  She reaches downwards to pick blindly between a sweaty forest of arms and legs.
  Once located, she unknots a drawstring and reveals the rumpled face of a red and
  black rooster, who cocks his head with military precision and levels me a sidelong
  stare with tiny obsidian eyes. I look back hungrily. Having failed to intimidate
  me, his head turns sharply and squarely away again.


  Quickly, the chicken is stowed, so that the great unfolding may begin. The van has
  come to a stop. It makes wheezing noise, followed by a banging clatter. Au fait
  with the sounds of terminal mechanical failure, the passengers start to lever free
  numb limbs wedged tightly together. A knot of human bodies starts slowly and creakily
  to unravel, with grumbling and prodding and muttered mutual accusations, until the
  first passenger- a young boy seated on the floor well by the sliding delivery door-
  is able to free himself and emerge into the blinding white sunlight outside. Another
  fills the gap and hauls himself to freedom, beginning a process that within a minute
  has spawned an impossible number of people from the cabin of the Toyota HiAce.


  There is no shade on this stretch of road. The passengers squat quietly beside the
  vehicle, folding cloaks and hoods to create dark wells where their eyes and foreheads
  once were. The driver and his assistant emerge with a hammer and a dogleg shaped
  wrench, and set about relieving the van of its undercarriage.


  A boy appears from a hut perched precariously on the precipitous hillside below
  the road. It must be a farmstead, and the chief crop must be gravel. He is wearing
  a worn denim jacket, and a weatherbeaten pair of trousers covered entirely in buttons.'
