Title: A Celebration in Reykjavik
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-celebration-in-reykjavik
SetInCountry: Iceland
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Peter  Blain
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The sun was setting fast over the low mountains and hills that surrounded Reykjavik
  as our tour bus pulled into our first stop. The sun never got that high in Iceland.
  A seemingly exhausted sun that was weighed down by the cold and ice.I had just gotten
  back from a mini bus tour of the Ring road. Waterfalls, lagoons and black sand beaches
  were astonishing sites to see. Thousands of miles from my home and thrust into a
  small tour bus with a dozen other travelers living the same fate as I. This was
  my first solo trip abroad. I was scared and nervous but also the freedom and unknown
  was thrilling and invigorating. There was always a sense of discomfort but not enough
  to paralyze me. The feeling was more similar to a scratch I could not itch. The
  discomfort may be partly why I befriended Steven from Hampshire. He was an Englishman
  who also was traveling solo and stuffed into the same bus as me traveling the southern
  country side of Iceland. We shared a few conversations and a lot of laughs and a
  couple of meals over the short 3 night tour. During one of our last stops of the
  tour at the famous glacier lagoon at Jokulsarlon, on the top of a snowy and icy
  grey hill Steven reveals to me he is turning 30 which is why he chose to leave Hampshire
  and fly to Iceland. This gave me alot to think about during our long drive back
  to Rejkjavik. I thought no one should be alone on their birthdays and certainly
  a celebration is always in order. Our extremely friendly tour guide is announcing
  our first stop of several in the city where the bus would slowly relieve itself
  of its passengers. A family of four were the first to depart. I was thinking about
  what to say to Steven. The route the bus was taking I quickly realized that I would
  be getting off before him. Inevitably my stop arrived and I gathered my 42 liter
  pack and headed for the door. Before I left, I crouched down to Steven and told
  him if he would like to grab a beer I will be at the Micro Bar. A bar both of us
  were familiar with. He agreed and I was ecstatic. We thought that one of our last
  nights in Reykjavik was to be spent alone eating a quiet dinner and getting a good
  nights rest. However, the waning moments of our trip turned out quite different.
  Steven and I met at Micro Bar and started the celebration that turned into many
  beers and more laughs. We concluded the night at a Big Lebowski themed bar which
  was seemed fitting. We ordered a few rounds of white russians which was the famous
  drink at a Big Lebowksi themed bar. In all my travels and white russians consumed,
  I did not think I would find the best white russian I have ever had in Reykjavik,
  Iceland, let alone a good friend from Hampshire. Steven and I became friends that
  night over good music and good drinks. I am glad I made a friend and could help
  celebrate a birthday is Iceland.
