Title: 'A chapter. '
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-chapter
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ashapurna  Das
AuthorCountry: India
Text: In the streets of New Delhi, I walked my way back home. Trees with their luscious
  leaves and bright golden flowers accompanied me on my way back. I wondered how many
  people of different ethnicity, race, religion, caste, color, size and story crossed
  that street. How every footstep of mine is over a footstep of someone with an untold
  story. I wondered how each rock travelled way across the city just to land up beneath
  my feet. I hit it hard and gave it another chapter to tell. The journey smelled
  of a billion things. The rich smell of strong spices and the unbearable smell of
  trash. To my right I saw a field, filled by dust, competition and angst. I stopped
  for a while to experience the localites playing cricket like it were their last
  match. That very moment I realised my story wasn't any different from that of the
  rock, their game added upon a chapter in my life. The one I'm writing and the one
  you're reading. I am afraid of traveling alone but I know I have places to be, people
  to meet and chapters to add. I might have never been out of my hometown for all
  I know, but my mind holds my hand and walks me through the streets of Italy. I can
  almost feel the sun of Libya dessert and the cool breeze of New York. Playing La
  Tomatina with friends who don't know I exist and celebrating thanksgiving with an
  American family. I am amused by how hundreds and thousands of people can actually
  feel what I'm imagining. I wonder if they know I have crossed their paths a million
  times in my mind. I wish I could hold on to the dream, but I had to head back home.
  The same old street of golden flowers and a million rocks, I walk back home, I enthusiastically
  tell my father about the places I've been and the things I've seen. Unknowingly,
  I added a chapter to his life.
