Title: A City Set In Time
DateModified: '2019-02-24'
DatePublished: '2019-02-24'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-city-set-in-time
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ryan Daniels
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Ten years ago, I had the pleasure of spending some time in the city of Manchester,
  NH. Manchester is a quaint city simply put; one which has managed to progress gracefully
  with all the amenities of a larger city, while retaining its heritage and old world
  feel. I quickly fell in love with the architecture, with remodeled structures that
  dated back to the early 1700''s, as well as with the diversity of its population,
  which is composed of many ethnic backgrounds, including Greek, Somalian, Arabian,
  Dominican, and Puerto Rican.

  Manchester is a choice location for many immigrants who chose to settle here in
  America, and quite comfortable for those who call it home. I was greatly impressed
  myself, having been born in rural Missouri, by an environment which was very similar
  to the country living that I was accustomed to, while maintaining the hustle and
  bustle of a New England metropolis. Elm St, which runs through the heart of the
  city is filled with the aroma of freshly brewed coffee, and Dunkin Donuts; a staple
  for the people of the American Northeast, and offers many different cuisines to
  satisfy big tastes. If you''re anything like me, this is a match made in Heaven!
  The Merrimac River runs parallel to Elm St., and in the fall is lined by a smorgasbord
  of colorful arboral species; a spectacular must see if you''re able to visit at
  this particular time of the year. In the winter, temperatures run quite low and
  the river can be seen completely frozen over, and if you''re lucky, you may just
  have the opportunity to walk across on the ice. Although Manchester offers many
  more modern options in hotels and dining, I recommend trying one of its many bed
  and breakfasts, as well as local sit downs, where you can truly enjoy a taste of
  what New England is all about. If the night life is your area of expertise, there
  are also many options in bars and nightclubs, although in being part of a Commonwealth
  state, liquor is not sold in your average store, and must be purchased at one of
  two border liquor warehouses. I would greatly encourage you to visit and enjoy this
  great American city if presented with the opportunity. It is a city where you can
  very quickly lose, or even find yourself, depending on your standpoint, and one
  I would visit time and time again.'
