Title: 'A Crater of Reflection '
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-crater-of-reflection
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: "Gabriel  Garc\xEDa"
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: Winding through many a road in the Mexican country side, our old Jeep was unknowingly
  taking us to a small paradise in the state of Nayarit. Two hours latter we were
  finally arriving, lush greenery surrounded the roads giving a tropical sensation;
  the air humid with coastal-like dewiness. As we followed the old signs giving us
  guidence down a slopey path, we came to a fork, two options, the lake we had planned
  or something that was described as twin waterfalls. It was early and quite frankly
  we all had an explorers adeventure vibe, so we decided on both, first the waterfalls
  and then the lake. Passing through a small town with no more than 10 colorful houses,
  hens, cows and goats crossed our path making us stop for their diligent and patient
  walks. We came to the end of the road and an older man told us to go straight on
  foot to what seemed like a pathless mass of greenery. After getting a bit tangled
  and a few missteps we could start to hear the low rumble of rushing water, the decent
  was steep and long. A few minutes later, a peak of water and suddenly a turn and
  there it was, a magestic flow of torrential water decending from upon the rocks.
  Ferns and trees framed the rush and shoosh, many disappearing into the fall. The
  water cold as ice, not for the ill of heart. We took the chance and sprang into
  the pool at the foot of the fall, cristaline emerald water letting us see the mirad
  of small fish below our feet. After a few hours and probably a slight case of hypothermia
  we decided it was time to go to the misterious lake we had heard so much about.
  Back on the Jeep we traveled through the small town and came to the fork that had
  originally delayed our arrival. A few minutes towards the lake we could start to
  see blue peaking through the horizon. Dark in its shape and form, the body of water
  lay inside an ancient inactive volcano crater, giving a softness of elegance  to
  the once destructive force of its past. We where here, a sceanery like no other,
  a place with a natural history embedded in its core. The reflection of a violent
  beginning subdued by the pass of time and natural forces.
