Title: A Date with Dottie.
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-date-with-dottie
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Susan Beardwell
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: '"Tiger, tiger burning bright" droned my school teacher, conjuring incongruous
  images on a drab Scottish morning of vivid jungle colours and lighting a spark in
  the young me that stayed alight for years. On my bucket list was "see a tiger in
  the wild" and now, perhaps I might.

  Ashish was my guide; tall, incredibly polite, always smiling and his knowledge of
  Panthera tigris was extensive. Crucially, he knew Bandhavgarh, this Indian National
  Park, intimately.

  Bandhavgarh lies in north-eastern India, four hours car journey from Jabalpur, the
  nearest airport. In a classic tale of poacher turned gamekeeper, Jim Corbett established
  India''s first National Park in 1963. Today over 100 Parks exist with more planned
  by the astute Indian government, appreciative of the benefits of wildlife tourism
  to the country''s economy. Estimates suggest that Matchli, probably the most famous
  tigress ever, earned India over $10million from tourism.

  "Number One Tracker" joined us.  Aged just 19, the youngest on Bandhavgarh''s tracking
  team, he earned his coveted job after his father, an esteemed tracker, died suddenly.
  Required to provide for his family, Number One was at a loss so the other trackers
  petitioned the Park authorities to allow the son to follow the father. Objections
  about youth were countered with "who has sharper eyes than a youth?" Number One
  got the job.

  Emphasising his youth by wearing his uniform camouflage hat backwards, he grinned
  broadly and jumped into the jeep.

  Two hours'' driving along dusty tracks came to nothing. The forest was unnaturally
  quiet. No alarm calls from the Cheetal deer or Gray Langur monkeys which the trackers
  listen for intently as signals of tiger''s locations. I was feeling despondent.

  Crossing another stream, dense Sal trees on my left, grassland on my right then
  I uttered some other-worldly sound. Number One turned round. Rendered speechless,
  I pointed into the clearing.

  As if placed by a Bollywood director centre stage in the clearing, illuminated by
  golden sunlight was my tiger. To say she was magnificent would be like saying the
  Holy River Ganga is just a river.

  She was awesome, sleekly in her prime, her coat of amber, shades of chocolate, inky
  black and snowy white gleaming. At eight years old, she was huge, bigger than I
  had imagined. With immense paws housing those killer claws, I shuddered. Her canine
  teeth, capable of taking any prey (Matchli had infamously killed a crocodile) clear
  to see. She was 180kg of awful wonderfulness, lazily catching some rays just five
  metres away.

  But Ashish drove on. Recovering my power of speech, I begged him to stop while I
  grappled with my camera''s dials, suddenly unfamiliar in my trembling hands. I needed
  that "photograph of a lifetime".

  "It''s Dottie," Ashish explained. "I''ve known her all her life. I know where she
  will go from here and, if you trust me, we have a very special opportunity".

  Ashish spun the jeep round so the engine was facing back up the track.

  "Ready?" grinned Number One. I nodded but didn''t know what I was ready for.

  "Just wait".

  I waited. My breathing shallow in my attempt to be silent but surely my heartbeat
  betrayed me; surely this thumping drum could be heard in Delhi, never mind by Dottie?

  Then she reappeared.

  "This is her territory boundary," whispered Ashish. "With the forest so quiet, I
  suspected Dottie wasn''t hunting today but would scent mark her boundary instead."

  For twenty minutes, amongst the best minutes of my life, we stayed with Dottie who
  was untroubled by us. Walking nonchalantly along the track, protecting her soft
  paws from thorns on the forest floor, Dottie stopped to sniff the air or squirt
  her scent onto a tree, a "keep out" signal to other tigers. Whenever she approached,
  Ashish reversed the jeep, giving Dottie space and us a chance to gaze in wonder.

  Eventually Dottie came to the boundary of her territory and vanished back into the
  forest. Selfishly, I realised the bonus the earlier quiet had been. At the first
  alarm call in the forest, every jeep descends on the spot, it occupants clamouring
  to glimpse the "bagh", Hindi for tiger. But no calls meant no other spectators;
  I met Dottie quietly, intimately, magnificently.'
