Title: A Day in Neighbourhood Country
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-day-in-neighbourhood-country
SetInCountry: Singapore
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Irine Putri Pratiwi
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'In 2018 I graduated from university and started working in western Indonesia.
  And the story began. One of my workplaces was in Batam. It was an international
  free trade zone. There was a tremendous port laid in there known as Batam Centre.
  From here, I could go to both Singapore and Malaysia by ferry.


  2 weeks I had been in Batam I went to Singapore on a weekend. I planned for a day
  trip to Singapore by myself. The first problem I encountered was I woke up late
  at 9 AM. I took a shower quickly and heading to the port. I bought a return ticket
  for IDR 350k. It was unique, even though it was a return ticket it uniquely specifies
  the period of the days the ticket valid. It means we could be a day trip or even
  longer without an exact date when we have to return home. And not to forget the
  price was super inexpensive. The duration of the ferry trip from Batam to Singapore
  merely took 1 hour. 10 minutes after the ferry started the trip. I got a message
  from my Indonesian provider stated I had been entering Singapore. Deep down in my
  heart, I want to live in Batam one day. Batam had succeeded in kicking out Bali
  to be my dream island to live in.


  Arrived in Singapore, I got my following problem. When I entered the immigration
  post, the officer spoke to me in Melayu language. Maybe because of my Asian face,
  she thought I spoke Melayu. The truth is, not all Indonesian speaks Melayu, we speak
  Indonesian. Melayu itself is spoken by a Malaysian citizen and some group of ethnicity
  in Western Indonesia. And the most terrible thing she spoke rapidly. She shouted
  at me and invited another officer. I was being sent to an interrogation room. More
  than an hour I was barely being captive by the Singaporean Immigration officer until
  I could provide proof that I was on holiday trip not as an illegal worker. Move
  on, I directly find a counter where I could buy a Singaporean provider and local
  train ticket for a day trip. My first stop was the Orchid Road, and I wanted to
  buy new shoes both for myself and my mom. I am not a shopaholic girl at all. I bought
  them because we don''t have any walking shoes. I visited lots of malls on this famous
  road for shopping until I got what I desired. I bought new skincare too, this one
  because I got been tricked by the saleswoman. Until now I have regretted my purchase
  of this since it was too sophisticated to me. I was on fasting, I am a Moslem and
  it was on Ramadan when Moslem usually fasting from dawn to sunset. After looking
  around the orchid road, it was an hour before the time to open my fasting. I took
  a break and sat down in front of a mall. There were lots of visitors sat down too,
  so I think I won''t feel absurd to do that. I enjoyed my dinners on the ground floor
  of a Chinese old mall there. I refer to lots of good review about this place as
  an economic one. My tummy was full, and I continued going to Merlion to watch the
  water dance. It was beautiful until I forget I need to catch the last train to go
  back to Indonesia.


  The third problem occurred. I selected a longer route without recognizing it, and
  I missed the last ferry for that day. It was at 9 PM, and I was almost crying. I
  only had a one-day ticket for public transportation here, and tomorrow I needed
  to go back to work. My cellphone battery was only 15%. With limited battery life,
  I tried finding a nearby hostel to stay and book a Grab Car to go there. I slept
  there with the anxious feeling of not waking up early. The next morning, I woke
  up at 6 AM, took a quick shower again and order a Grab Car to go to the harbor,
  and finally, I was going home to Indonesia.'
