Title: A days to my home village
DateModified: '2019-02-07'
DatePublished: '2019-02-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-days-to-my-home-village
SetInCountry: Congo Democratic Rep
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: NKENGWA LAURENT MURHULA
AuthorCountry: Burundi
Text: 'My name is Laurent, I am 23 years old, and I live in Bujumbura in Burundi,
  but I have Congolese nationality, and it made me very angry to visit one day the
  village where I come from. The village is called KATANA east of the Democratic Republic
  of Congo, on the shores of Lake Kivu.

  So in August 2016, I decided to start the journey to Katana.


  I took the bus at the bus stop for the Congo, to BUKAVU, arrives at BUKAVU, I took
  another bus that leaves the city to the village of KATANA. Arriving at destination,
  I got off the bus. The mere act of breathing the air of the village, I felt an immense
  joy in my heart. I looked everywhere around me, villagers who also kept looking
  at me. Most of them were barefooted, others had clothes to rip, and not far from
  there, a group of moms who sold fruit. I just wanted to take out my camera and take
  pictures, but I was warned that the people of this village did not like pictures,
  because according to them, if a stranger takes a picture, he will bring it Satan,
  Satan who will come to see you at night and put you to death. So I made a reservation
  to take pictures.


  Oops, there''s my grandmother jumping on me. I did not see him coming. Very happy,
  she serves me hard in her arms and began to say words of blessing. She called other
  people who were with her. There was my mother''s little sister, my uncle and my
  little cousin whom I had never seen. After a few happy words of welcome, we left.
  We walked another 30 minutes to reach my grandparents. En route, my grandmother
  introduced me to almost everyone in the village. She said, look, it''s the son of
  DONATIEN, he comes from Bujumbura.


  Arriving at my grandfather''s, his whole neighborhood was alerted by my arrival.
  Old ladies came to greet me, most of them wanted to touch me. So, I thought, this
  is an opportunity for me to take some pictures. Everyone was happy to see me, and
  I could see smiles on their lips. As it was already dark, all are returning home
  leaving me words of welcome and good night. .


  Tired of the trip, I had deeply slept. At 6 am I wake up, but nobody. I go outside,
  nobody, not even neighbors. Only small children who were sitting on mats in the
  yard. I wondered, but where did they all go very early in the morning like this?
  So, I took a chair, I also sat to browse the social network while waiting for them.
  At 7:30, they all came back and my grandmother told me that he was at the "BURABALE".
  Burabale is a word from the SHI dialect, which means "help". So when a villager
  wants to harvest his seed, he informs the whole village, and everyone goes there
  very early in the morning to help him harvest, without expecting any form of reward.
  Awesome no?


  The morning passed, and it was the afternoons, I was talking in the yard with my
  grandfather and some village wise man, when suddenly a child comes to us shouting
  that he has just seen a snake in the tree. A dozen of men from the village were
  mobilized and with great courage, everyone wanted to have this snake. Curiously
  they had it, a big snake. They cooked it, and all the men in the village had to
  eat a piece of it, including me, being told that eating a snake gives strength to
  a man''s mind.


  The story is long, and I can conclude by saying that it was a great adventure for
  me. All these poor villagers, barefoot, most poorly fed. But what I liked in this
  village is the solidarity of these villagers. The only thing I was wondering was,
  ''If my dad did not get a scholarship, I''ll be here with them too . For me, the
  adventure was good, and I would like to return to this village still a faith to
  better understand their way of life.'
