Title: 'A Day of Bali Gold '
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-day-of-bali-gold
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Tyler  Misiak
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Beep, beep, beep... The sound of an alarm on a calm quiet day. The sun hasn't
  breached the horizon as the smell of coffee breaches my window. As I walk across
  the tiled floor in my bathrobe I ponder this day of the balinese culture. A day
  of silence that would change this trip forever. We arise to breakfast as the locals
  greet us with their smiles of grateful wishing. A 5 star feast in the lobby of mixed
  cultures and cuisine. We sit down next to a German couple who are talking about
  their 3 months of travel and the experiences they wish they could share with the
  rest of the world. The thing we share in common is the belief we have when traveling
  and the people and connections we share with individuals who are roaming this beautiful
  blue dot. We part ways after the last sip of my Kopi Luwak that is bonded with the
  poop of a monkey and cleaned over an iron grill kettle. It's possible our paths
  never cross again, then again the travel minds always find away in the middle of
  no where. With 17 hours left in our silent adventure we make our way into our bathing
  suites to explore the hand crafted pool. My first swim we encounter a drunk women
  who is screaming "its so hot in here" which was a joke we played for the rest of
  our trip. It brings us to realize the importance of realizing who we are and our
  overall direction in this life. All the material and extra crap we have doesn't
  matter but the experience we go through in time are the ones who define us. A trip
  I want to bring to reality for others for them to see this beautiful day out of
  365 in the year. As I dry of and drink a Smirnoff ice we discuss the rest of our
  day with 15 hours left. The front desk women approaches us with a nineteen eighty
  five board game with missing pieces but we play anyways. A conversation that brings
  us together even closer than before after we meet 15 days prior. Her smile and eyes
  are something I fall in love with along with her wild sense of adventure. We sit
  on chairs and discuss future plans within the next year as time passes without even
  realizing we have 10 hours left in our day. The night moon swallows the earth's
  sun as the power of the building gets shut down to dive deeper into their cultural
  belief. No air conditioning and no lights as we climb the back staircase in our
  hotel building. When we reach the top floor we are shocked to find no one else on
  the roof. Empty space and a sky full of stars waiting to be gazed upon. The clouds
  are sleeping, the people are quiet. You can hear a mouse scramble the streets in
  search for cheese. The cars are parked and mopeds on the side of the street as they
  are parked in silence. The wind scrambles through our hair as we drift in our folding
  lawn chair under mother moon. We talk, we laugh, we breathe.... We are ALIVE. Bali2018
