Title: 'A Dejavu '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-dejavu
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Hrithik Kadam
AuthorCountry: India
Text: As we landed in Ireland at Shanon Airport,  The cool breeze that hit my face
  was really mesmerising. Once we got out of the airport in our rental for Galway
  , we came across various open fields and meadows. After seeing these meadows I was
  actually memorising the lines of 'Daffodils' a poem by great poet William Wordssworth.
  Although the poem is about sadness after loved ones death but I was memorising the
  lines where the poet was trying to describe the beauty of the English countryside
  . Also these beautiful meadows made me ride through the books of Charles Dickens
  and William Shakespeare where they are describing their protagonist being in a countryside
  meadow or somewhere near a hill or a lake . When we reached Galway , the town was
  really very beautiful . It was a small town , but it was really very active in daytime
  and as well as in the night . We saw all types of artist on the street showing off
  their talents either vocally or through the instruments.  Most of these artists
  after seeing us started singing popular Indian songs which made us more happy .
  The pubs of these town were really very old and served the best food , drinks and
  entainment. Walking through the streets one song was continously playing in my mind
  which was Ed Sheerans Galway Girl. When we were off for Wicklow Mountains,  we stopped
  at an open meadow by the sea . This is where I started having some sort of Dejavu.
  As if some time back I was running wildly in these open fields . I was diving in
  the cold water of the sea with some of my friends.  I did not expect this to happen
  in Ireland . Till now I thought that I might experience this from a country like
  Iceland or Greenland , but I was wrong . As we went towards the Wicklow mountains
  , we did a small trek . On this trek I was felling as if Robert Frost was walking
  besides me ano saying his poem 'The road less Taken'. Here too after seeing the
  lake of the Wicklow mountains and some old houses I again felt some old connection
  of as though I was living here under this very house . Once we were back from this
  beautiful day , we again ventured into the streets of Galway and there too I found
  my connection of me walking in the street in the market . Running with some of my
  friends.  Again when we wet to the pub here too I had the same experience that I
  was holding a mug of beer some time back . When we went back to our rooms to rest
  that's the time I understood how It was all happening . It was either I have experienced
  this some time ago or else from the poems or books which I have read . I have read
  books written by Charles Dickens,  William Shakespeare , Arthur Conan Doyle and
  poems written by Robert Frost , William Wordssworth.  So I was basically living
  the life of the characters mentioned in the writings of all these great people .
  I might have lived the live of Oliver Twist or David Copperfwild who are most of
  the times mentioned being on the country side .Also watching and reading a lot of
  Harry Potter where Irish and English culture has been potrayed or watching films
  like Braveheart or television series like Game Of thrones might also had an effect
  like this .But the odds seems to be less as also I might have lived here some years
  ago . If the concept of pre-birth is true then I have seriously lived over here
  many years back . I felt a connection as though I have found my lost home.
