Title: A different face of Gore
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-different-face-of-gore
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Laura Williams
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: 'I had chosen Gore, in the South Island of New Zealand as the base of my operations
  for two reasons and two reasons only. One: There was work, and I needed employment
  to support my year long adventure. And two: It was at the junction of several other
  amazing locations that I was dying to explore - Queenstown, Wanaka, Invercargill
  and Dunedin. Little did I know Gore had a unique character of it''s own to reveal,
  including something I both didn''t expect  - and was definitely not ready to deal
  with.

  Although Gore has an adorable town center complete with fashion shops, cafes and
  a rather impressive art gallery, the town is largely agricultural. Located on the
  cross roads between many other small towns, it services a much larger community
  and if you throw a rock you will be likely to hit a farmer (not advisable, they
  have impressive upper arm strength). Indeed, along the road in the town center and
  under the watchful eye of Sargent Dan, the adorable mascot for the old Cremoata
  oats factory, there is a statue dedicated to the mighty romney - a common breed
  of sheep that at one stage outnumbered the human population living in New Zealand.
  These days there is a mixture of sheep, cows, grain and deer surrounding the town.
  Venison and velvet have become popular markets, but as wool prices have decreased
  and milk solids have become hot exports the number of dairy cows surrounding the
  town has exploded.

  As you walk through the town you are very likely to come across domesticated animals
  of one sort or another. In any other town in New Zealand you would expect the usual
  kinds of pets like cats and dogs - in Gore, depending on the season you are likely
  to see lambs and goat kids, and an abundance of home chickens being reared in back
  yards. Bannerman Park is also home to tame deer which can be fed acorns through
  the fence, including a rather impressive stag. With this abundance of animals, perhaps
  I should have been less surprised to be caught up in the situation I inevitably
  found myself in.

  It was early days in my residency of Gore, but I had already made a few friends.
  I was accompanying two of them - both named Matt - to church one Sunday morning,
  chatting amicably about what had been happening that week. Churches in Gore are
  the heart of the community - a place people come together for the services, and
  also to socialize, and it proved for me a fast way to become ingrained in the community.
  Each week people from the congregation would stand up the front and share their
  celebrations: birthdays; anniversaries; and for one little boy of about the age
  of six, his first time shooting a goat!

  It was on this morning as we were walking through town - an urban area adjacent
  to the local high school - that a car with a horse float slowly pulled up in front
  of us. The gate of the horse float creaked open, and a large fresian cow walked
  out casually. Somehow not noticing their escaped livestock, the car drove away too
  fast for us to wave it down. Concerned that it might cause a traffic accident, the
  three of us stretched our arms out and carefully herded the animal into a neighboring
  yard where it began to eat the owners flowers, and we called the police. We waited
  with the animal, helplessly watching it munch it''s way through a strangers garden,
  until the bemused policemen turned up and managed to tie the heifer up on the high
  school sports field where the damage it could do would be reduced while they located
  the owner.

  Sneaking into the back pews of the church, our friends asked us why we were late.
  The Matt''s and I looked at each other and came to the same conclusion.

  "I don''t think you''d believe us if we told you."'
