Title: A discouraging journey
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-discouraging-journey
SetInCountry: Nigeria
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Anietie Akpan
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: 'I took a final look around my room to make sure I hadn''t forgotten anything.


  Feeling depressed, yet eager to go home, I walked out of the room lugging my suitcase
  behind me, as I carefully closed the door.


  I entered the elevator sorrowfully. I pressed the button to go to the lobby where
  I would be able to check out and hand back the key. The door opened and I stepped
  outside, still dragging my immensely heavy suitcase!


  I strolled to the reception desk and gave the receptionist the key with the number
  ''319'' accurately engraved on the gold key chain.


  "Have a safe trip home", he said with a warm pleasant smile on his face.


  "Thank you", I replied.

  "Did you like it?"

  "No! It is the most discouraging country I''ve ever been to! I wouldn''t recommend
  it to anyone!"


  ''How nice!'' I thought sarcastically! Obviously he hadn''t noticed the queue was
  all people going to Egypt! His Excellency interrupted my thoughts when he said,
  "How come you speak English then?"


  "It''s because I go to a British school."


  "They have schools in Egypt?! That''s certainly a surprise!"


  I was lucky to leave that desk and to never see that guy again!


  By that time, I was extremely hungry. I missed breakfast that morning because I
  had to pack. Once, I spent four hours packing! You know us girls; packing takes
  us a long, long time!


  I went to Burger King with three friends. We walked a long way then I realized I
  wasn''t hungry anymore! A friend of mine smacked me on my back because she was wearing
  heels and her feet hurt a lot from walking so much!


  On our way to Burger King, we passed a police office, which didn''t bring back a
  lot of nice memories. On our way to Burger King, we saw a police shoot a guy dead!
  Oh, what a horrible sight!


  He stole a bag or something rather, so they shot him! Publicly!'
