Title: A Dragon in Ljubljana
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-dragon-in-ljubljana
SetInCountry: Slovenia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: RESIPA ELFIRA LISWEL
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'For an Indonesian like me, I had no idea on how to spell the word of Ljubljana
  and how the city looks like. So there I was, in a breeze spring, early May last
  year. First thing first, once the flixbus arrived in that city, I asked a man in
  the train station on the correct way to spell the city name. He told me and for
  me it sounds like Yubiyana, in my native language. I smiled and thanked the man
  :)


  Keep going and I decided to visit its old town to find out the dragon. How impressed
  I was.. that dragon, each one of them is only a small statue. There are four tiny
  dragons on the bridge, in which the story told as the guardian to the city. Haha,
  really a fairy tale city, isn''t it? Somehow that increased my fondness to this
  city. Ah.. very love-able city.. :)


  My next stop was the city museum. Seems that the city was not enough to impress
  me yet. So when I visited the museum, even though it is a real museum but all inside
  was the fairy tale stories about the dragons who guarded this city :) To ensure
  you, the museum also provided dragon eggs to be founded and cracked! Yeah, really
  really impressive!!


  Tired of dragons story? Worry not, as the city also offered best and cheap ice cream
  and gelato! I just picked up random ice cream and gelato shop and turned out they
  served a real good ice cream and gelato. Enjoyed your ice cream while watching river''s
  attractions, in which a random boat full of musical''s instruments from guitar to
  saxophone complete with the players and also the singer! I was indeed overwhelmed
  happy that afternoon.


  Got your energy back? Please do not stop exploring the city, as you will find hidden
  park and the people hang out around there. Ljubljana as the city segregated their
  waste and it was dumped in to a pipeline system that is placed under the road. So
  you can only expect a clean city and air of Ljubljana, plus the kindness of the
  people :)'
