Title: A Dreamy Reality
DateModified: '2019-02-24'
DatePublished: '2019-02-24'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-dreamy-reality
SetInCountry: France
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Chiara Almatsier
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 2015 was by far the most memorable birthday I ever had. A young girl from Jakarta
  had dreams about going to Paris Disneyland. There she was, age 12, celebrating her
  13th birthday in Paris. We stayed in an apartment pretty far from Disneyland but
  I didn't mind. All that matters is that I was finally going to Disneyland. A place
  where all your dreams becomes a reality. I remembered every single second I did
  on that day. I woke up pretty late due to jet lag. My mom offered me one of Indonesian's
  famous dishes called Nasi Goreng (translated to Fried Rice in English).  I woke
  up to hundreds of notifications of my friends saying Happy Birthday and it put me
  into a joyful start at the day. My dad, as usual, opened the window and started
  smoking so the air would get out instead of in the room affecting me. Once we ate,
  I immediately showered and went to Disneyland with my parents. I remember using
  a long-sleeved grey Mickey Mouse with two layers around me where the first layer
  is a white sweater with a layered S on it (representing my middle name "Syafina")
  and the last layer was colored red jacket with a Ferarri logo on the left. Before
  we bought tickets, I begged by mom to buy me the Minnie Mouse ears because it was
  super adorable and she did. After that, we bought the tickets for the three of us.
  I remember the old man that was talking to my mother about the price and my 13 year
  old asked "No discount? It's my birthday!" with a pretty smile on my face and he
  just laughed and said Happy Birthday. Worth a shot. The second I got into that world,
  the touch of the air and the atmosphere instantly changed. It was like, I was in
  every movie I watched growing up. I remember I was eager to take a picture with
  Winnie the Pooh but sadly I couldn't. I went into Tina instead and the polaroid
  is still in my room. She was really a kind-hearted and welcoming princess. That
  reminds me, my dad was bringing a selfie stick and he would take every single picture
  I did and at some point it would annoy me but I love him anyway. We went into a
  few rides thus I do not remember much because it was December and I was FREEZING
  so I kept going in and out of restaurants. One funny thing I remember is that when
  I was eating in Chip and Dale's my dad got out to smoke. He then went back in with
  a huge smile on his face and he then told me and my mother that he asked a gentleman
  where the smoking area is and the gentleman responded "Smoking Area? You can smoke
  anywhere!" and to this day that phrase still brings him joy about Paris because
  he really loves smoking. Before we left Disneyland, we went into Mickey Mouse meet
  and greet. At first, I thought I would go inside the building and there he was but
  little did I know, there was a huge queue. My family didn't mind because it gave
  us time to warm down so we wouldn't freeze to death. Half an hour past and there
  was Mickey. I hugged him instantly, taking my ferarri jacket and white sweater off
  I took a picture with him. He only understand French but there was a translator
  (the photographer) and I told him it was my birthday. Mickey then hugged me again.
  I took a picture with Mickey with the photographer's camera and then I offered him
  to take a picture with my polaroid where all off my family joined in. After that,
  we exited Disneyland and went into this restaurant (which I forgot the name) but
  I do remember getting a keychain saying if I do come back, I will get a discount.
  There you go, my 13th Birthday. It may be years ago but I promised myself if there
  is any situation I can make into a story, remember every second of it which I did.
