Title: A fantastic trip
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-fantastic-trip
SetInCountry: Costa Rica
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mary Sarkis
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'All my life I never had the courage to travel separately from my family. So
  when my College graduation came around, I thought to myself why not venture into
  an unknown enticing territory. I can definitely say unknown for two sound reasons.
  The first reason being no one in my family spoke any other language other than english,
  and the second reason there were supposed to be no relatives of mine wherever I
  would decide to venture to. Unlike my friends who enjoy preplanned trips in what
  have you the lovely Aspen in Colorado or any city in the really overrated hot state
  of Florida, I had the courage to pick a spot and to have picked it in a blind manner,
  because it is just too fun that way. And that''s when my finger chose on the map
  nothing other than the lovely and exotic land: Costa Rica. Of Costa Rica I had heard
  nothing other than great stories and from many of my friends and acquantainces alike
  nothing but excitement from that coutry. I mean the country was very lucky to have
  both oceans, on one hand the Atlantic and on the other hand, the Pacific. So I figure
  at twenty three why not? I mean I was a single gal looking for new creative ways
  to meet new people, learn of new history and interact with the locals anyways. Why
  not start with a place that embodied in my mind appeal, warm weather, handsome men
  that came along sexy accents and just pizazz for me. Like every cautious traveler
  I made sure to take care of a lot of details. Important and relevant details considered
  simple things to some but they aren''t really that simple. All had to start with
  the appropriate attire, booking the right places to stay while getting the most
  out of my stay. Booking activities like typical museums to check out, activities
  to do while there, finding eventually different ways of being outdoors more than
  my normal. Once getting various things checked off my checklist and before heading
  into the unknown, I realized the most important thing was to breath and just roll
  with the punches. So the trip was going to start with this lovely town, not too
  far from San Jose, the capital. The lovely town name was Heredia. It sounded magical,
  it looked pretty safe from my research and just felt like the best way to start
  this unknown journey of mine. A journey I could later call a growth period for my
  counscious self. The trip was supposed to takeoff at the end of May of course, good
  reason for such delay would have to be due to my new passport arriving in the mail
  by that time. A passport awaiting with a lot of anticipation a new stamp on it.
  And by golly it did. I left from the city of Philadelphia, the city where I was
  born. A city  that no longer housed beauty or charm. It began to sadly lose all
  it''s magic due to daily mundane routine. I can definitely say that the kickoff
  of this new journey had begun in the airport on my way down, that''s where I met
  Susanna, a lovely nervous girl, a girl that had never left the country before, who
  had wanted to visit the hometown of her grandparents. She like me was on a great
  journey, perhaps a more meaningful one. Not that mine was any less impactful but  we
  found solace in each others'' company. She too had never traveled on her own, like
  me she came with a set of overbearing parents that never ever let her do whatever
  she wanted, in addition an annoying and petulant lover that due to his jealous nature
  never left her out of his sight. This trip I knew was one we would both never forget.
  Of course me and Susanna had talked to each other all throughout the plane ride,
  just to come to the stark realization that it ended at the San Jose Airport Terminal.  I
  knew though that one day our paths would somehow cross again,I mean why not?'
