Title: A farmer, a horse rider, an Olympian and a Scout go to sea
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-farmer-a-horse-rider-an-olympian-and-a-scout-go-to-sea
SetInCountry: Tanzania
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Peter Otzen
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'Each year, a small cohort of diverse, slightly mad, people gather on the Tanzanian
  coast and engage in one of the most unusual, dangerous and challenging sailing races
  on the planet. This is the Kraken cup, and it involves sailing some 600 kilometers
  down the coast using nothing but a traditional dugout mango-tree boat called a Ngalawa
  (as tricky to operate as it is to say), and a sail which may be mistaken for a bed-sheet.
  Daily, sailors throw themselves into their boats before dawn, and battle crippling
  dehydration, viscous squalls, hungry reefs, and any number of unusual events which
  may happen at sea. Once the local Navy used our boats as target practice. Nights
  are spent camped on islands which, while sounding romantic, are replete with sand
  flies and fleas, falling coconuts (and remember that more people are killed by falling
  coconuts than sharks), and malaria-carrying mosquitoes. This year''s 2019 edition
  was that, and more for one team.


  My team was one of the 23 teams to enter, but what made us unique was that none
  of us had ever met. One was a farmer from California, another was an Olympic weightlifter
  from Melbourne, and the third was a Scout Leader from South Africa (who may be a
  lawyer in his spare time, and the author of this article). A fourth team member,
  a horse wrangler, was adopted following a mutiny, and it was our motley crew who
  found themselves off-course (yet again) and in the teeth of a howling gale. The
  sea was aggressive - short, choppy, dirty waves broke over the gunwales, the ropes
  pulled painfully against the my hands as if straining to escape the boat, and the
  tiller had to be gripped tightly to prevent it from nervously jumping out of its
  socket. The usual chatty banter had died down to occasional short, sharp commands
  from the Scout, now helmsman. It was the type of sea that swamps boats without remorse,
  and the crew kept a nervous eye on the water level in the boat. Any higher than
  ankles and the bailing bucket was swept into play. The bucket was hardly ever still,
  firmly gripped and heaved by the strong arms of our Olympian. The shroud monkey,
  a designated position on the boat which required one crew member to stand on an
  outrigger holding the shroud rope to counterbalance the pressure of the wind on
  the sail, suddenly let out a cry and pointed to something bobbing on the horizon
  which he had spotted with eyes honed from years on the farm. It appeared to be a
  trio of unidentifiable objects. The helmsman steered a course towards them, and
  with shock the crew as one saw that the objects were people, limply waving a red
  distress flag. Shipwreck survivors, three of them, and desperate. The helm''s instructions
  were rapidly rattled out - and the horse wrangler was given the critical role of
  throwing the rescue rope. One shot was all we had to get a rope to the survivors,
  or the wind was certainly going to push us away, without any hope of finding them
  again between the swells. The rescue-wrangler wound up, took careful aim, threw
  gracefully and at that moment the swell pushed the boat sideways and the rope struck
  the sail with a sad smack, plopping limply into the water. Three pairs of wide,
  desperate eyes stared back in anguish, and the Ngalawa ploughed away, sails flapping
  as the crew tried desperately to reduce the wind pressure on the canvas. Immediately
  the situation went from bad to deadly, and a SOS was urgently sent via the boat''s
  Garmin to HQ. By good fortune a race support boat was in proximity, and the survivors,
  having drifted for two days and lost five companions, were rescued. Had the rope
  reached them, it is likely that we would have been swamped by their additional weight.
  As they were rescued, I locked eyes with one survivor and we knew that we shared
  a deep connection like none other. For once, we had been in the wrong place often
  enough to be in the right place at the right time, and thanks to our diverse backgrounds,
  lives were saved.'
