Title: 'A flowing part of me '
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-flowing-part-of-me
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mbalenhle  Mhlongo
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'I''m always game for leaving the house particularly when I have to go to a
  place I''ve never been before. The east of South Africa is very hot during the day
  but at dusk you get to experience a cool breeze that is like your first slice of
  pizza after fasting an entire day, that is if you love pizza as well as I do!.

  The sun has gone down after a very hot day and the breeze feels amazing when my
  friend calls me to go for a drive with her and this guy she knows. She refuses to
  tell me where we going saying it''s a surprise I''ll see when we get there, she
  knows I love surprises!. We drive off and at first it''s a road I''m used too and
  there''s other people around, then we get into a dust road I''m not familiar with
  but there''s houses around. We keep driving and there are no more houses but all
  trees and this narrow road and it looks like nobody''s ever been here. Now I had
  never met this guy whose driving us so I start to wonder if I''ll ever see my dad
  again and just as I was having an internal panic moment........ I see what looks
  like an entire world! A very low bridge and people washing their cars on top of
  it mostly quantum taxis. I see water and I get excited because I absolutely love
  water by this time I can''t wait for him to park so I can get out of the car.

  We get out of the car and start to walk towards the bridge and I could never put
  words to the feeling I felt as I took everything in. I had never been that close
  to that large a body of water before, there was a water fall to my left and the
  water flowed right in under the bridge and out to my left as far as my eyes couldn''t
  see. The water made esuch a loud noise we had to shout to htweeear each other. There
  were rocks in between the water immediately I jumped on top of one of the rocks
  and put my feet in the water. I look around and people are having picnics on top
  of the rocks, some are drinking, some are diving in and swimming, others are washing
  their clothes,some are taking pictures. By this time my friend is seated next to
  me and we both quite and smiling and taking in this place.

  The sound the water made was so beautiful I felt this overflow of peace in my heart
  like I could live in this moment forever. All I could think of was how beautiful
  the earth was everything about it was glorious, how privileged I was to have walked
  mother earth. Ohhhh my goodness how is this place 12 minutes drive from my house
  and I''ve never heard of or seen it before? And I''ve lived in my house my whole
  life. Now I go there every time I want peace and I get it every single time'
