Title: 'A friend in the high country '
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-friend-in-the-high-country
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Holly Erwin
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: There was a thick shrouding of grey cloud in the air that day, as the long high
  country road I had been driving for over two hours now finally gave way to a bowl-like
  early settlers town. I had arrived in the almost entirely abandoned gold mining
  town of St Bathans, in the Central Otago region of New Zealand. I parked outside
  the historic hotel, which did seem, with its bright windows and gently puffing chimney,
  the only sign of life in this quaint place. Rifling through the glove box, I found
  the hand drawn map with vague instructions to the house, and hopped out of the car
  into the fresh, crisp air. There was a kind of muted stillness around, caused perhaps
  by those grey clouds, giving everything a muffled, insulated sound and grainy, sepia
  appearance. Before me a pale blue lake surrounded by white clay cliffs appeared
  almost as a mirage in its stillness. I walked down the driveway leading to it, the
  gravel crunching beneath my boots with exaggerated volume. 'No doubt my presence
  has already been noted by someone' I mused to myself as I reached the lakes edge.
  Stubbornly determined to disrupt the isolation I picked up a stone and half attempted
  to skim it. Instead it sunk into the water with a barely audible splish. Normally
  the unassuming quiet type in the city, the bare leafless trees seemed to egg me
  on to break the silence - 'Coooo-eeeee!' I cried out, my voice echoing around the
  basin. The sound was punctuated with the caww of a crow and the flap of its wings.
  'Eerie' I shivered to myself, as I shrugged my wool cardigan further over my shoulders
  and turned back to explore the township. Tiny miners cottages lined the streets,
  their darkened windows like eyes, into which I was almost afraid to look back, lest
  I see some shadowy figure. Were they holiday houses? Or merely kept in tact for
  historical reasons? In any case, they were clearly uninhabited, though they certainly
  didn't feel without....presence. There was the original post shop, next the school
  house, now ruined, and further the police station with adjoining gaol. I pressed
  my face against the glass to look in, a table and chairs sat near to a coal range,
  like a homely kitchen. 'What a different time' I thought...I knew the town was built
  at the turn of the 1900s but when the gold rush dried up, so too did the people...where
  they went after that hardship was anyone's guess but I'm told they left more than
  a few ghosts in their wake. "Are you ok with things being a little bit....spooky?"
  The air bnb host had asked me when he discovered I would be staying alone. "Oh I'm
  fine" I had told him, but.....now I understood the sentiment. Looping back through
  the village I checked my map and found that I was now standing outside the house
  that was to be my accommodation. Originally a billiards room it was now a converted
  cottage that almost resembled a Tuscan farm house with its white plaster walls,
  netted-curtain windows and wooden stable doors, but it had a quality more worn and...saloon-like.
  I squelched through the mud to the out house out back, where, upon the dusty ledge,
  was the key as promised. Inside revealed a fireplace next to a pleasingly crowded
  bookshelf, and record player accompanied by many a dusty classic vinyl. A table
  was positioned next to a coal range oven and upstairs feather duvets and patchwork
  quilts sat atop several informally positioned beds. While making a hot cup of tea,
  I opened the door to catch the evening light and to my surprise, found I had visitor
  sitting there. A black labrador, head cocked to one side, eyes friendly. "Hello!"
  I gushed, ruffling him affectionately, feeling grateful for the unexpected company.
  To my delight, as if sensing my loneliness, he nosed a tennis ball to me, and tea
  in hand, I kicked it back to him. We stayed like that for half an hour or more,
  my tea and both of our breaths steaming into the cool evening air, until the last
  of the light was gone.
