Title: A gift from the universe
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-gift-from-the-universe
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Antus Manuja
AuthorCountry: India
Text: In February of 2018, I left for Canada with a $1000 and a one way ticket  I
  had to sadly do so against the wishes of my family, and was getting help with food
  and accommodation from my father's cousin, who was living in Mississauga at the
  time. It was a time of great adversity for me, and everyone thought of me to be
  a madman. It was surprising to others that I didn't display any sense of urgency
  to quickly make money, that I was looking for fulfillment in my work instead of
  taking the option of getting a job at the closest McDonald's since day 1. To the
  logical man, the fear of how the next paycheck will arrive is so severe, that it's
  difficult for one to approach life with the depth of a human being. Firstly, they
  told me I won't get a "proper" job right away, but I subsequently changed 4 jobs
  in 2 months as a working visitor in Toronto, Ontario! While the whole world kept
  shouting at me to be practical, my worry was that I was unable to find any work
  that was fulfilling my soul and had no idea what direction to take. My extended
  family, misunderstood my want for fulfillment to be my laziness, and they kicked
  me out of their house. Now I was left stranded, with $400 in savings, and a $1000
  credit card limit. But I knew in my heart that whatever is happening, is for my
  best, that I will come out of this stronger than ever. And then it struck me, I
  am free! I have no bondage towards any job, rent, or person! I was alone but it
  was beautiful because for the first time I didn't have to think about life, I could
  just live on my own terms. I was in the beautiful state of Ontario, full of forests,
  trails, waiting to be explored by me. I had a couple of friends back from college
  in the city, so I kept my luggage at their place and I was off with a tent (the
  cheapest one I found on Amazon), my guitar, some books, a journal and a week's change
  of clothes. And I started with a bus to oakville to visit a conservatory! On the
  first night, I started walking from oakville alongside the Ontario lake. I had never
  felt so alive before. Rivers of bliss were flowing through my veins! I felt a symphony
  between the sound of water, chirping birds and there was a music in the air that
  could only be heard within my being. I stopped at Burlington near the lake, and
  set up camp, and started trying to go to sleep, but I was kind of scared sleeping
  in the open! At around 11 pm, someone called out for outside the tent, "excuse me!
  Can you please exit the tent please!". It was the cops. They informed me that it
  was not allowed to be in public parks after 11 pm! Now I was tired from a day full
  of walking, so I asked them for help and they dropped me at a nearby coffee place.
  Now I was somewhere farther up north of Burlington, and I found a nearby park which
  was open for 24 hours. So I set up camp there, this place was dark and shady and
  I just prayed for protection and went to sleep. In a few hours, I woke up to a wet
  sleeping bag as It had started raining. I quickly packed everything up and went
  back to the coffee shop and slept at the table for a couple of hours. Besides the
  first night, the rest of the trip was breezy, and I walked for 2 months, exploring
  all the corners of the Ontario province, walking a total of 800 kms. Nothing could
  ever bring me down after this experience because I had found my calling. I wasn't
  supposed to go to the same place to do the same menial work everyday. I could live
  my life spontaneously and travel. Eventually my family and I made amends and this
  gift from the universe has left me changed forever.
