Title: 'A Glimpse of heaven '
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-glimpse-of-heaven
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ayanda Bhekingwe
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: So, on the 25th of February 2018, I decided to take a short trip to the famous
  and highly rated Bazaruto Archipelago Island. I booked a stay for for 3nights at
  the Anatara Bazaruto Island Resort and Spa. A secluded resort that hugs the pristine
  white sand beaches of the largest island in the protected Bazaruto archipelago,
  30 kilometers east of mainland Mozambique. At first I was bit skeptical about travelling
  to Mozambique, but after a few weeks of researching thoroughly and reading reviews,
  I finally decided to go.  I have always believed in the existence of heaven. But
  I never thought that one day I'd get a glimpse of what is actually looks like. Bazaruto
  Archipelago is without a doubt the reflection of what heaven looks like. The resort
  was incredible. Words are not enough to describe the amazing experience I had. From
  exploring the gigantic sand dunes on the ancient island to snorkeling, enjoying
  cultural food that is suprisingly delicious,(which reminds me, i really have to
  ask for the recipes when I return to the resort this year on December). The beauty
  of the Island is extremely mind blowing. The construction of this amazing paradise
  is beyond exraordibary. The casa's are beyond beautiful, simple yet elegant. They
  scream relaxation. You gain the ability to loosen up and let go of every burden
  your shoulders have ever held when you lay on the extremely comfortable beds with
  white curtains that make you feel like you're a King or Queen. After a long day
  of exploring the island, you get to soak yourself in a tube and relax. Other forms
  of relaxation include going to the spa. There you get to unwind and let the hands
  of a professional massage thearapist soothe your soul. As for the customer service.
  It was excellent. I don't mean to sound too positive nor overly dramatic, but I
  am stating facts. The staff there is always willing to assist at every corner, ensuring
  that you feel at home. They also check in on you from time to time to see if you're
  enjoying your dishes, be it, a tasty fresh breakfast, lunch or dinner, you will
  always find them close by if you ever need assistance. The sfaff does their work
  efficiently. Oh! And not to forget the Resort managers who always make it their
  priority to ensure that you have the most relaxed and revitalizing experience during
  your stay. I am truly honoured to have had such a beautiful experience. It has truly
  been worth the money I spent. I don't have any regrets. The only regret I have is
  not knowing about this place sooner. So to say, If you ever feel like you need some
  time out of your busy life, take a short or long trip to Bazaruto Archipelago Island
  and book your stay at the Bazaruto Archipelago Island Resort and Spa. You won't
  regret it, trust me. I for one will be returning to the ancient island soon. It
  feels just like my second home. Like literally, when I was there, I never missed
  home because I felt like I was home. My advice for people who will come to visit
  this place is, to be sure to bring  relaxation clothes and swimwear. It's going
  to be and adventure. The crystal clear blue beach awaits......
