Title: '&quot;A God in heaven or a Devil in hell&quot;'
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-god-in-heaven-or-a-devil-in-hell
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Yogesh Nautiyal
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Four villagers growled we saw Jesus ;they were beaten to death ;they kept
  repeating ;they brought ten most powerful people treating same within hour they
  backed down ; Do you still question God? I asked my fellow mate with whom I was
  indulged in a curious debate while I was travelling to Goa . Yeah! It''s the most
  beautiful paradox ;he replied ;his name was Gibbs (A local name). He was a middle
  age man and was going to Mumbai ;he was a poet by profession and had a strong habit
  of lucid-dreaming ;he had a interesting adventure story he wanted to tell me of
  his last visit to Goa . He started young lads were dancing around ;the place is
  beautiful ;there was a party that night ;I was young ;drunk and dumb I was setting
  camp fire when I first saw Jenny ;her blue eyes and innocent face caught my attention;she
  was a beauty ;I was done at first glance ;while I was adoring her a young man approached
  me Do you have a problem sir? His name was James ;we had a common interest of beer
  and smoking and since he was out of it ..I gave him and we were indulged in good
  conversation ;he wanted to know my culture ; he told Jenny was his wife.i would
  not take u to our talks but state our talks enabled me to adore Jenny more. In less
  time we became good friends;James asked me to join them in their trip to London;
  I agreed since it was free of cost ;he had his private plane ;so not much problem
  ; i was in toilet of plane reading magazine ;after -that I only remember was about
  waking by noise of prayers ;lying nude in some old worn house ; astonished ;feared
  when Jenny came and told me "theyll ask some questions reply calmly" just then two
  huge men came with-in "can u fire AK" I replied no ;I am allergic to blood. They
  spoke in Arabic to Jenny ; Later I came to know she was a yahudii girl enslaved
  by ISIS;we were in Iran in some hide-out ;James real name was Al-fidar an ISIS commander
  ;He left to Syria shortly for fight ; she had a daughter from him Aniba;I washed
  toilets;beaten often; made to eat stale food but it was for Jenny who secretly took
  care of me ;we soon fell in love and last month of my stay there ;she gave birth
  to our kid;Allen we named him but problems started ;I had to leave.she told me everyday
  at night ; Iranian army patrols at some distance ;she said take Allen I''ll manage
  here ;I''ll pray Allah! For urgent safety ;but instead I took Aniba ; with a kiss
  I said "if he survived they''ll make him a millitant He''ll die but she ; they''ll
  rape ;sell and victimize her; she''ll die daily ; these monsters in name of God
  ; religion destroyed every essence of humanity.i made a sacrifice;Jenny;Aniba;Allen
  we all made it. One night I was able to fled off with Aniba ;I was 24 then . Now
  I am 43 ; Aniba was married last month; She works for welfare committee for Syrian
  women prisoners hoping to see her mom someday ;I didn''t stopped her i felt she
  would get hurt .In temple often a certain thought troubles me is "God in heaven
  or a Devil in hell" I don''t know I leave that to u! I surely know the next day
  after I returned the US troops bombarded that whole area down. I didn''t try to
  know about her; ''my price was to let her go!'' I feel our heart is also similar
  to god a beautiful paradox "A god in heaven or a Devil in hell" a horn broke our
  conversation ;I have reached Goa. I don''t know was Gibb''s story true or he dreamed
  that too but I waved my hand to him saying have a nice journey . I reached my hotel;
  woah! It''s party time now Beautiful girl''s ; beer''s fun .I could feel the excitement
  already present there ;the hotel manager asked me to fill up details in Diary ..while
  I turned pages I saw some yesterday''s details "James" "Jenny" Room number 09.'
