Title: A Happy Thai Accident
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-happy-thai-accident
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Charissa Enget
AuthorCountry: Thailand
Text: 'No one understood why I wanted to go to school in a developing country.

  On the outside, it really didn''t make sense. The universities in Thailand weren''t
  as highly ranked as schools I''d been accepted to in America, Thailand was ranked
  the third lowest in English proficiency in Southeast Asia, and I''d be leaving everyone
  and everything I knew and loved for two years. But to me, it sounded like an adventure.

  As soon as I got a scholarship to Kasetsart University, I accepted. The campus was
  in Bangkok where there were abundant English speaking foreigners for me to make
  friends with. It was close to an airport which would make weekend travel easy. Many
  blogs about Thailand said Bangkok was easy for foreigners to navigate. I thought
  I would adapt easily, I was eager to go.

  I packed my bags and headed to the airport. My parents cried as they said bye to
  me for two years and told me I could still change my mind about going. I cried as
  I walked through airport security and boarded the plane to Thailand.

  My 24 hour trip over 3 plane rides allowed me to overthink. What if I was kidnapped
  upon arrival? What if my school scholarship was an elaborate scheme to sell me into
  sex slavery? By the time I arrived in Thailand, I was a paranoid mess. I considered
  hopping back on a plane straight back to America.

  Two graduate students were sent to pick me up at the airport. I was wary of them.
  However, since I am 6 feet tall, they were much smaller than me. Since I believed
  I could overpower them if they attacked me, I decided to get in the car with them,
  pepper spray in hand.

  Once I got in the car, they informed me that the campus was a 2 hour drive away.
  "2 hours?" I said, "Isn''t it a 20 minute drive away?"

  The grad students laughed, "That''s the main campus in Bangkok. You applied for
  the campus in Kamphaeng Saen."

  My heart dropped. I applied for the wrong campus. I had no idea where I was going
  or where I''d be living the next two years.

  Kamphaeng Saen turned out to be a small rural Thai town two and a half hours from
  Bangkok. Nobody spoke English, I was the only foreigner there, and I was completely
  dependent on the two English speakers I knew. My professor turned out to be an angel.
  He got my apartment, arranged transportation, and even got a phone plan for me.
  Graduate students told me I was the "new Thai princess", I would get whatever I
  asked for. I don''t think I would have survived without the kindness of my professor.

  My first two months were miserable. I could not go anywhere by myself, I couldn''t
  speak to anyone, I couldn''t even order food by myself. I was silent for two months,
  unable to communicate with anyone besides my professor. The culture shock was unbearable.
  My Thai professor commented on my weight all of the time. Everyone was always touching
  me, Americans don''t like to be touched by strangers. They were so loud. I was angry
  and irritable every day.

  But one day, I looked to find the root of my biggest problem. I was severely lonely
  because I hadn''t had a conversation in months. The only way to fix that would be
  to learn Thai. I now had a goal and that changed everything.

  It took 3 months until I understood my first full sentence. It took 5 months to
  be able to travel and eat independently. After 8 months, I could have in depth conversations.
  I fervently studied 2 hours a day. The ability to speak Thai changed everything.

  The Thai accepted me as one of their own. I experienced rural Thai weddings. My
  professor took me to a 4 day long Vipassana meditation retreat. My Thai friend invited
  me to his monk ordination. I sung Christmas carols with a Thai hill tribe. I gained
  experiences I never would have had without being forced to learn the language, living
  in rural Thailand.

  It was the best accident I''ve ever had.'
