Title: A Hidden Paradise
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-hidden-paradise
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Muhammad Sandy Ilmi
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: Indonesia always been known for the beauty of Bali, but there are definitely
  more places to explore in Indonesia than just Bali. I took a journey to unraveling
  the hidden paradise within the archipelago country. One hour flight needed from
  the capital city of Jakarta and i arrived at the Hanandjoeddin International Airport
  in the island of Belitung. Right before the landing, we can see a series of pond
  in which the island's most renowned commodity, tin was produced. I travelled further
  in to the heart of the city of Tanjung Pandan to experience a famous local delicacy,
  a coffee from the legendary coffee shop Kong Djie Coffee. Established in 1943, the
  coffee shop still remain the local favorite especially during the coffee break.
  As i walk through the door, i was taken back to the 1940's. The coffee shop has
  never moved nor changed drastically since it was established, an antique cup of
  coffee accompanied by the warm hospitality of the locals making the coffee shop
  surely something not to miss in Belitung. I continued my journey away from Tanjung
  Pandan to Tanjung Tinggi Beach where i was welcomed with the view of white sand
  and clear water, but that were not the main attractions of the beach, it was the
  formation of stones that making the beach a unique destination. The formation of
  stone is the results of geological process for millions of years and was once just
  one huge stone. The beach doesn't satisfy me just yet, i decided to crossing the
  ocean with the motor boat to visit a formation of islands just offshore of Belitung.
  Pulau Pasir is my first destination, pasir means sand while pulau mean island and
  that's pretty much what's on the island. The island is completely made of white
  sand, what makes the island special is the fact that wei can only visit the island
  when the water recede. Since Pasir Island emerges from the water, if we are lucky
  we might meet a beautiful starfishes. The second and the last stop is Lengkuas Island,
  here i get a chance to visit its famous lighthouse, at the very top i can see whole
  of the island, from the signature stone formation, white sandy beach and a shooting
  blue waters topping it off with the sunset bleeding out, a perfect note to end the
  day in Belitung.
