Title: 'A huge bargain '
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-huge-bargain
SetInCountry: Afghanistan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Basam Murtaza Tahoor
AuthorCountry: Afghanistan
Text: 'Dwelled thou in a city where sky was as pure as crystals of underwater, clouds
  were shaped as if painted artistic sketches, mountains like enormous white palaces,
  forests the same as Heaven''s and sun shone like her charming eye. Where lived thou
  was filled with people who lived upon drinking, eating, sleeping and passion; nothing
  mattered except a pleasant life. The days passed same and same. The flames of exhaustion
  burned thee. Finally, came the day for thou to abandon his lovely city for he was
  bored of a linear life without any obstacle to deal with.


  Came thou to see various villages to far away lands. Dawn to dusk, the conquest
  of thy life was what thou really sought eagerly for apprehending the real wisdom.
  In spite of villages being full of wisest individuals,  nobody couldn''t suggest
  him what to do and where to seek what he really desired for not being wise enough
  but what they knew was nothing except preference of a linear life without any obstacle
  or pain. Finally, A beggar with a dusty face full of beard and mustache in a worn
  torn cloth who couldn''t counted to be wise enough cause he was judged by what he
  wore,  recommended him to see the three brothers of "T".


  The first brother of "T" was a great philosopher who passed his life reading books
  and meditating in high mountains conceiving ways of life. The second brother of
  "T" was a sheik with vast amount of religious knowledge who contemplated Prophet''s
  way. The last of "T" brothers was a drunkard, drinking and dancing all the day who
  sung a song similar to this one:


  Knowledge is pain

  Tavern is chain

  Drink as you can

  The way others can''t

  The more you know

  You won''t be Dow

  The less you know

  Surpass the yow


  Arrived thou finally to the 3rd "T" brother for consultancy. Saw him while he was
  utterly drunk with the best of Amontillado. However thou was a bit vacillated, thou
  made up thy mind to give it a try. He consulted thee to be happy and obliviate learning
  the wisdom of life for awareness shall bring pain. Until thou didn''t know anything,
  thou shall be happy and live a happy life without pain of awareness. The 3rd brother
  of "T" suggested thee to not think of anything but life cause this life is only
  a minute which will vanish soon and end up.


  Stunned and astonished, thou pondered deeply about what he said and came to the
  2nd brother of "T", a sheik who consulted thee to cease being like a vagrant and
  live the life in worship. For him life was only a matter of God''s exam. Thou ought
  to be careful of thy life and not to do anything prohibited. The 2nd brother of
  "T" saw the substantial world the same as a test which each action will be counted;
  humans are going to rewarded of punished by their earnest God who counts each action
  with seriousness. For him God was a creature who stands still, waiting for humans
  to be judged and punished.


  Still wondering what to do, thou decided to consult with the 1st brother of "T".
  Thou found the 1st brother of "T" meditating life in a flat rock over the mountains.
  The 1st brother of "T" suggested thee to wait for while for thy response and join
  him in meditation. It was nearly sunset, smelled the nature, stared the sundown,
  heard the voices of eagles crying for hunting. Night was approaching; eventually,
  time came for thou to ask what he came for. The 1st "T" brother said that he knew
  what he comes for and told him that stop searching the wisdom outside; instead,
  seek it inside. Thou ought to begin thy trip internally to perceive the real wisdom.
  To the 1st brother of "T" life was beyond an exam or a place of jollification. For
  him, life was about understanding God through the elements of nature. We are not
  able to comprehend it because we are in it, just like a fish which water is the
  same as an atmosphere which we live in.'
