Title: A journey into another realm is a journey into one&#39;s heart
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-journey-into-another-realm-is-a-journey-into-one-s-heart-2
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Joseph Chaput
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'I once read in a Shakespeare play that, ''Self-love, my liege, is not so vile
  a sin, as self-neglecting.'' and when I traveled to Japan it was as much about self-discovery
  as it was about learning about the history of that country. I left to pursue a thesis
  in the 12th century, Japanese warlord Taira no Kiyomori, I visited his favourite
  spots, saw his tombs, visited his great shrines and the site of his palaces and
  those of his rivals.


  But it was not until I stood not in his shrine of Itsukushima, nor his tombs, nor
  even the sandy remains of his Northern Fujiwara rivals in Tohoku that I best understood
  him, myself and Japan itself. It was in Ise Jingu that I bore witness to the greatest
  of miracles in Japan. A country of rich history and with an even richer identity
  than almost anyone could ever understand in this modern age of ours. Japan''s oldest
  shrine and holy place is a place where the true reality of what it means to be Japanese
  is revealed. As I stood there, amongst the bamboo trees, gazing up, then down, then
  to the left then right, it was as if there were a thousand suns. I cannot express
  the beauty of the realization that happened upon me, and the awareness that came
  in that moment. Not just of Kiyomori''s position in Japanese history, the direction
  of my research, but also of my place in life. I had left Canada, left my home-country
  a lost, wanderer and had found myself a weary, yet at peace man in that bamboo thicket,
  surrounded by 125 shrines.


  I took a leap into the unknown, but that is all travel and I did so to learn more
  about history and the country, but that is also life. To travel is to live, to wander
  to another place is to leave in search of a part of oneself, and it is something
  that strikes the souls of all men and all women. And while I found myself, my place
  and my place in Canada as well, in Japan, I wish once more to toss my hat into the
  ring once more. For Portugal while not my area of expertise, is nonetheless a place
  of long histories, beauty and of life and a source of curiosity and fascination,
  with my wanderlust once more upon me, I hope and dream of finding some other part
  of my soul there. And just as I intend to novelize tales of Japan, to write tales
  of France, the British Isles and Germany into novels, I also hope to do so of Portugal,
  to see it with my own two eyes and to write of it. As both a wanderer and as a writer.'
