Title: A Language Without Words
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-language-without-words
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Elizabeth Malatestinic
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'After having trudged through the mud that was two years of college, studying
  subjects that I had a feigned interest for, living in a city that I couldn''t keep
  up with, I decided to drop it all. I created an online profile on a nannying website
  and called myself a passionate Traveller and caretaker because I didn''t know who
  I truly was at the time. I had imagined that a drastic and unfamiliar change in
  my environment would inspire an equally drastic change in myself. A Skype call,
  illigetimate verbal contract, and granted Visa later, I was in Italy meeting the
  family that I would share a house with over the next year. I knew that moving to
  Italy would open my eyes to things that I could have never imagined, but I had not
  considered the way that it would open up my heart.


  I learned for the first time that I had never truly missed someone before. I had
  used the words so loosely before and because of that, when I experienced the physical
  pain of someone''s absence and realization that there was an ocean between my mother''s
  embrace, I felt that "I miss you" didn''t do it justice.


  Learning the Italian language made me aware of the concept that no matter how extensive
  our vocabulary, or how descriptive our diction, sometimes words just aren''t enough.
  Throughout the year I saw a total of 10 of Europe''s most beautiful countries and
  almost every day I witnessed something that I couldn''t put into words. I struggled
  with feeling frustrated and disappointed with myself when I stumbled with my sentences
  and overused the words ''amazing'' and ''beautiful''. I wanted the people that I
  loved and missed to experience what I had through my storytelling, and fall in love
  with the world and its places as a result.


  It wasn''t until I spent Christmas alone in a cabin in Northern Italy, nestled between
  mountains that characterized the region. With my heart pounding at my ribcage and
  my breath racing to keep up with it, I looked at the world around me and below me.
  After a 5 hour climb, I had made it to the top of Mount Roen. I accepted that the
  splendor and the great strength in the presence of the mountains would never be
  something that I could make someone feel with words. It was the strength that the
  mountains gave me that I had to show for their impact. That night I went home and
  wrote a long, passionate e-mail to my family members back in Canada. I wrote about
  being empowered, challenged, motivated, inspired. I have learned that I will never
  be able to find the words for the breathtaking moments, as it seems like the less
  words I can conjure up, the greater the impact of the moment.


  When I came home in August I brought many things with me aside from the expected
  pasta, wine, and coffee souvenirs. In the way that I had grown and the way that
  I knew my eyes sparked and my smile beamed whenever someone asked me about my travels,
  I had shown people the beauty of the rolling hills of vineyards and the strength
  of the mountains. Spending a year travelling, experiencing, loving and learning
  in Italy taught me a new language that is unspoken and understood anywhere in the
  world.'
