Title: A Little Surprise at Kota Tua
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-little-surprise-at-kota-tua
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Aprilia Nurul Aini
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'My heart beat fast all the way to the train station. I was so careless that
  I didn''t pay attention to the departure time of the train that would take me to
  Jakarta. Luckily, right 15 minutes before departure, I was sitting sweetly in my
  chair with blood still flowing tight. My heart is still pounding.


  Today I will visit a college friend in Jakarta. Special only for holidays. I departed
  at 8:20 a.m. from Yogyakarta and was scheduled to arrive at 17.00 at Jatinegara
  Station, East Jakarta. This is my first experience of going away from home and alone.
  But I enjoyed it enough.


  The train is up to 10 minutes longer than what was printed on the ticket. At the
  exit of the station, I saw my friend standing to wait and ready to welcome. After
  greeting each other for a moment, we immediately proceeded to use the busway to
  go to my friend''s house.


  The next day, my friend and I planned to visit the Kota Tua, Central Jakarta. Departure
  around 9 and arrive at Kota Tua around 11 o''clock. The time is long enough for
  the actual distance not too far away. Not surprising, considering this city is the
  city with the second highest level of traffic congestion after Bangkok in Southeast
  Asia.


  Upon arrival at Kota Tua, we were greeted with a typical view of the Netherlands
  in the 1800s. Kota Tua is one of the historical places in Jakarta. This place was
  once the center of government in the Dutch colonial era. The three-floor high-rise
  white building with large window accents with a typical Dutch yellowish wood with
  the words "Gouverneurs Kantoor" at the top of the building is a major concern. This
  building is named "Fatahillah Museum". The yard is spacious and is used as a play
  area for tourists. The bicycle rental place is crowded with people who want to rent.
  Colorful bikes with bonus beach hats with bright colors they use to get around the
  yard or take pictures together. Make a memory of course.


  My friend and I walked leisurely starting from the entrance and walking along the
  stone path. In his left and right there were many restaurants or cafes that were
  deliberately made to resemble the Dutch era, from the decorations to the uniforms
  of his employees, even the dishes served were made as closely as possible to the
  nuances of the time. A building on the right side caught our attention. On the door
  is written "Entrance of Fatahillah Museum". Without thinking, we immediately approached
  him. My friend, who is currently my tour guide, said that she was a little surprised,
  because before this museum was not open to the public. Wow! I thought. I think I
  came at the right time. Like finding unexpected treasure! My friend and I then entered
  the building. Before we can enjoy the exhibits in it, we need to pay for the entrance
  ticket. Luckily they give special prices to students by simply showing their student
  cards. And here we go!


  Fatahillah Museum was originally a City Hall (Stadhuis) which was inaugurated by
  Governor-General Abraham Van Riebeeck in 1710. The construction of the building
  itself began in the era of Governor-General Jan Pieterszoon Coen, in 1620. There
  were several exhibition halls in this museum namely the Prehistoric Room Jakarta,
  Tarumanegara Room, Jayakarta Room, Fatahillah Room, Sultan Agung Room, and MH Thamrin
  Room. Each room exhibits relics such as tables, cabinets, chairs, paintings, and
  storefronts containing currency displays that have been used since the colonial
  era.


  I love the calm that is in the Museum and the stories in every corner. Today we
  got a little surprise at Kota Tua that I don''t know yet whether I can visit this
  place again. It feels enough for today, but we are ready for the next adventure!'
