Title: A Mothers list.....
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-mothers-list
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Muazzam  Hussain
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was a misty day in chilling winds of northern India when suddenly I felt
  like sneaking out of the warm bed lying along with a beautiful girl with the coochie
  smell of sperms calling from a condom. I folded my pants and run for a blossomy
  smell of the garden yanking for my bike breezy noise. I kicked started old metal
  and ran for breezy air around the polluted Indian cities dint got through but parked
  bike on a stand on shaky Indian roadside restaurant and ordered butter chicken that
  he claimed to be authentic from Lahore. Being a chef I could recognize a foul smell
  of rotten chicken. Suddenly a shaking voice of an old lady shooked me asking for
  help. I saw a lady in a veil covering her face asking for help that tone bought
  my heart and I went to her asking me some time to understand. She asked can you
  give me some food I was in stain and asked her to tell what she wants I could hear
  a tone of pain as if she was bombed by the army. She said I don't have anything
  to be cooked suddenly I asked her nanny what u need she was confused though I was,
  She started telling me a list that included. Tea, Sugar, Soap, Flour, Pulses, and
  spices I was shocked to hear all of that so I made a list that counted 14 items.
  I sat on my metal and purchased all the stuff letting her sit on my food table to
  bring seen as if a terrorist by an authentic butter chicken maker. I bought those
  things in 2 packets and presented her to hear her voice that was full of joy that
  amounted to be less of money I was charged for the butter chicken. She started walking
  towards the old city asking my name being blessing me of gestures by telling her
  name son I am Farzana bringing my knees to a cold and opening my doors of tears
  making me sat on a floor. I could remember putting my mother's coffin in a grave
  that had Farzana Hussain embed on it
