Title: 'A mystical paradise '
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-mystical-paradise
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Akash Verma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 2018 was the year of self realization, self worth for me and how beautiful the
  world is. It's because when I went to Himachal Pradesh for the third time, the energy
  was different and something in me was eagerly waiting to explore yet I don't know
  what it was. You know how you feel when you go to that particular place which is
  really close to your heart, you can feel the vibe, you can feel something different
  about the air that you breathe, it touches your soul. As I moved forward towards
  the unknown, walking into the wild and looking at those trees and mountains and
  realizing how small your problems are in front of those mountains yet they stand
  still, they never give up or fall back. They're always there, as I started moving
  forward deep into the forest, while the air started getting colder and colder I
  sat down and started praising the beauty of this place, you realize how beautiful
  a place can be only when you sit and actually pay attention to it. After sitting
  there for a while I started moving forward again and as I was going deeper and deeper
  into the forest I realized I was lost, I couldn't find the right path, though I
  was walking, hoping that I'll find the way, it started raining heavily and I ran
  to take a cover under a small tree, although I was getting wet. The water was falling
  on my head and clothes making my hair and clothes wet respectively. I was standing
  there for an hour and then the rain stopped but the most difficult part was walking
  to reach your destination while you're completely wet due to the rainfall and the
  cold wind is blowing, I was shivering to death but I kept moving forward and out
  of nowhere a dog and a puppy came near me, as if they were walking with me since
  the beginning, I patted them and kept moving forward, as I told you I was lost,
  so I just stopped and I was looking for someone who can tell me the right way but
  I couldn't see anyone apart from those dogs. As I was still standing and hoping
  that someone will come, one of the dog went ahead and started barking and the puppy
  was trying to push my leg, I couldn't understand anything, then I thought I should
  go ahead and see what the dog was barking at. The moment I reached there and the
  dog saw me he kept moving on a path and I quietly followed him and the puppy was
  behind me all the time, whenever I stopped to take some rest he stopped too as if
  he was waiting for me, as if he doesn't want to leave me alone, slowly I started
  realizing maybe they're taking me to a right path, maybe I should follow them and
  I did exactly the same thing, I followed them. As I was getting closer to my destination
  it started getting colder and I was still wet, at that exact moment I felt like
  I'm going to die because it was freezing cold but I kept moving on. Exactly after
  twenty minutes I saw a house which gave me a hope that, that's it, this is the end
  of my journey and I reached my destination but this is not the end. As I got closer
  to the house still wet due to rainfall, I sat on the chair looking ahead, my brain
  was numb and I couldn't feel anything but I remember was just staring at the unknown,
  the mountains, the trees, the greenery, there were a lot of horses, it felt like
  a dream to me or you can say fantasy world and as I was staring somewhere the sun
  came out of nowhere, making it's light fall on my face as if god has given me this
  gift for climbing the mountain and to bring me back into senses and for me that
  was just like a mystical paradise.
