Title: A New &quot;You&quot;!
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-new-you
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Itishree  Ray
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 2017 was the year I went to a new country Nepal for the first time in my life
  and  instantly fell in love with the mesmerising beauty of the place. Firstly it
  was time to explore the capital city kathmandu it's a valley and has a  very pleasant
  weather with houses ,natural vegetation,greenery all around . The city was really
  active and people were damn fit and jolly. After exploring local delicacies I planned
  to go pokhara  and watch the beautiful Serene Himalaya mountains. The road trip
  from kathmandu to pokhara was much like a self discovery for my oneself it was my
  first time in the fascinating arms of the nature. I am both a sucker for mountains
  and beaches . But the roads actually led me to realize so many things it actually
  taught me how nature heals you . Finally after 6 to 7 hours of the road journey
  we reached pokhara the city which never sleeps . It was completely different  vibe
  from the natural Nepal. This place offers you a very cool jazz night life feeling
  with restaurants all around ,music concerts to look forward, strolling around the
  streets even makes you watch the diversity this place has to offer. In the for the
  first time I watched the sun beam falling on the Himalayan mountains  it was breathtaking
  and moment I will cherish all my life . No words can actually justify the beauty
  of the mountains. Then I headed to make my debut in adventurous paragliding  god
  it was scary and the adrenaline rush was so high but worth overcoming all your fears
  and free yourself. For some one who has never done any adventure in her life this
  was a big deal . The trip actually taught me so much about myself that I started
  more believing in myself and try to let go of all my fears and come close to mother
  nature. From then I make sure to take regular trips to unknown place to understand
  different cultures, places, people ,food and try to know the meaning of life just
  by unwinding all my thoughts. Cheers to the  first ever trip of my life and many
  more transforming trips to come.
