Title: 'A new hope '
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-new-hope
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Harry Putera Pamungkas
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: Pujon, Batu, East Java is known as an area surrounded with natural beauty you
  couldn't imagine. Its purity, the situation, the people, how they blend into such
  an amazing combination. It took miles and hours to reach Pujon, one day is not enough
  for a long trip, so many places to visit at Pujon. I chose one to tell, Pujon Kidul,
  a new icon found, built, and developed by the people at the foot of the mountain
  where you can see vegetation, plantation, name it, you can find anything in there.
  It's not a high class park, but it's a unique place full with facilities to visit,
  it's a place where a little bit of modernity like ATV and Motorcross do their jobs.
  There are two or more facilites like that to facilitate tourists (adult & teenage)
  who want to enjoy rides through areas set for thrilling & fun adventures. By the
  way, the ticket is cheap, it cost me only 15.000 Rupiahs for one person including
  the parking ticket for a motorcycle. But if you arrive early before the place is
  open, it costs you free! And I did it several times. Why, because It's a good time
  to take selfies, while the sun is just up there, and the wind blew only for you
  and the nature looks great, you can see the people working on the fields, preparing
  the products they're going to sell to visitors just before they're open. And yes,
  there are some thematic cafe you would love to visit here! One of the most iconic
  one is "Cafe Sawah", I love it. The combination between a ricefield and bamboo materials
  as the main exterior & interior design is  magnificent. I took a walk and stop at
  the entrance where I could stare for a moment, enjoyed the whole scene while the
  wind blew my face & hair & the sun start to heat up the day just before I went down
  to the stairs and bring my self walking through the rice field which is the center
  interest of the Cafe itself. A lot of Selfie spots also built in this Cafe, I believe
  people would love to stay to take selfie, and taste the traditional food like "Pecel"
  served in here. See, one area could took hours to enjoy. And believe me, before
  Cafe Sawah, there are alot more places you would visit in Pujon Kidul Village. Another
  iconic place in this area I would to tell you is "The Roudh 78", It's a combination
  between cafe, fish pond, rabbit park, horse riding arena with western theme building
  in one place, Wow! What I can tell is simple, visit this place, and get the real
  experiences. Well, it's a litlle bit of my experiences when I visit Pujon Kidul
  Village at Batu, East Java, Indonesia. I hope, my story could inspire people to
  travel more rather than stay at home watching tv, and playing games in gadgets.
  Because happiness is out there, so go out there and meet the world you haven't meet
  before.
