Title: A new understanding of the ANZAC&#39;s and the Turkish
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-new-understanding-of-the-anzac-s-and-the-turkish
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Hannah Pigram
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'When a connection is formed without prompts or a push, the connection formed
  comes in at a deeper level that will last with you for years to come.

  This connection was made when I travelled to Turkey for the second time when attending
  the ANZAC Day services in Gallipoli. For those unsure of what ANZAC Day is, it is
  a day of contemplation, remembrance, forgiveness and acceptance for all the Australian''s
  and New Zealander''s that fought as part of the ANZAC to protect our home and our
  right to freedom.


  ANZAC Day is not solely focused on what service but multiple services held throughout
  the Gallipoli peninsula.

  The 102nd year since the ANZAC''s had stormed the beach in Turkey was a year that
  saw many threats made to both Turkey and the service. A year that saw so many cancel
  their plans of attending due to fear of threats of terrorism that were haunting
  their dreams.


  I made the trip, mind you it was only from England at this time, to pay my respects
  to those that had fought and lost their lives to protect us. Security measures were
  in place as per previous years but this time it was different. Due to threats made,
  security levels were increased which meant many more checkpoints, bag searches and
  vehicle searches.


  My first thought was how is all of this security and the thousands of soldiers going
  to affect the services and will we be escorted between points rather than taking
  the time to mourn at cemeteries and make the journey 6km from the beach to Chunuk
  Bair, the highest and last service of the day.


  My expectations of what I had learnt the previous year from attending were thrown
  out the window by the time I arrived but I was about to be pleasantly surprised.


  Yes the security was at times long and frustrating but something that I didn''t
  see coming happened...more than once. With over 20,000 soldiers, mainly Turkish,
  stationed between each service point, it was a little intimidating to walk past
  them. I decided instead of feeling uneasy and intimidated I will communicate with
  them. Firstly I started with a wave, I received a smile and a wave back. The next
  soldier I passed I said hello, I received a smile and a hello back. I decided to
  stop for a rest and a drink and 4 soldiers were close by. Being with a friend at
  this point, we asked if we could have a photo. One soldier called over another 2
  soldiers who ended up all wanting to be in the photo, smiling, laughing and getting
  their phones out of their pockets to get a photo with us.


  This connection with these amazing, friendly and down-to-earth soldiers made a day
  that is about remembrance, a day also about forgiveness and how we are no longer
  enemies but friends.'
