Title: A Pagan at The Stonehenge
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-pagan-at-the-stonehenge
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Zaineb Madraswala
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'When my brother and I arrived at the Stonehenge, we could see those ginormous
  grey stones standing tall. The mighty presence of the stones and the never-ending
  lush green grass fields was a sight that blew my mind.


  When we entered the vicinity of the Stonehenge, the tourist''s were being given
  audio guides to explain the history of the place.


  While my brother and I were walking around the Stonehenge,  I happened to see this
  beautiful lady who I guess was in her late 50''s.


  She was wearing a flowy long white cotton dress with a purple corset on top of it
  and a black woolen cloak was thrown around her and the cloak tied to a 5-point starred
  pentagram. In her hand, she held a wooden stick where the top of the stick was a
  goat head carved out of wood. Her red hair and a crown made out of flowers that
  were put delicately on the head which made her look exotic.


  The mystery of the 12,000-pound stones and its mystical appearance along with the
  mystical lady standing across it made the entire scenario enthralling.


  I had heard of pagans, but I had never seen or met someone who followed paganism.
  Though I was a little scared, I walked up to her to strike a conversation. I asked
  her thoughts on the mystery of how the stones were brought to this land. In her
  thick Scottish accent, she replied back to me with:


  "Don''t you see the beauty of Stonehenge? why do we even bother to try to solve
  this mystery, when it is the mystery that keeps this place alive."


  She went on :


  " I see all these people, with their audio headsets on, yet they forget to enjoy
  the true beauty of this place"


  "I pity them"


  "It is a place for healing your soul"


  "It is a place for energizing your energy centers"


  "And yet they are stuck to their audio sets, to try to understand the Stonehenge
  which is beyond their capacity to contemplate."


  I agreed with her on that point and asked her who she was.


  She said she stayed somewhere nearby and visited the Stonehenge often.


  She asked me to hold her wooden stick with the goat head carved on it and urged
  me to close my eyes. She then asked me to feel the energies of the earth moving
  up through the stick and let the energy flow through my body.


  With skepticism, I obeyed what she told me to do. As I closed my eyes, all I could
  feel was the cool breeze. When I put my awareness of the stick touching the earth,
  I could sense the energy flow through the stick and then a sudden chill rushed through
  my spine, making me open my eyes in awe. She asked me if I sensed the energy. I
  was so unsure of what had happened, I saw myself nodding my head to everything she
  questioned.


  Our conversation later went on about things like the healing power of the stone,
  astronomical phenomenons such as eclipses and solar events. Some things were difficult
  to understand because of her accent but most of what she wanted to say circled back
  to how amazing the universe is.


  It was time to leave, we said our goodbyes and parted ways.


  While I was on the way back to London,  my mind went back to the mystical experience
  I had. I will never meet her again but right there I had made a connection. A connection
  with someone completely different from my faith, culture, and thoughts.


  Somehow this strange conversation and that bizarre connect made me feel like I knew
  the woman since forever. Maybe these treasured memories keep the spirit of travel
  alive.'
