Title: A pilgrim&#39;s kharma
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-pilgrim-s-kharma
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Gabriele Cadoni
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'In Japan''s Shikoku island my only reference point on how to find a place where
  to sleep, were the informations that i could find in the pilgrimage''s guide  sold
  at the temple number 1, Ryozenji.

  In the guide, a nicely dotted red line would tell me which way a pilgrim is supposed
  to go, and other little symbols, resembling tiny umbrellas, would suggest me where
  i could seat and rest, taking shelter from rain and sun. In my choice of wanting
  to experience a real adventure, i decided to travel as a real independent pilgrim,
  and would walk 30 and more kilometers each day carrying on my back tent and cooking
  stoves. This meant that although Japan is a very safe country where free camping
  is permitted, i had to find a fairly private spot where to set camp every night.
  Those huts on the map were my only bet to make a little daily plan.

  On this specific day, after having walked under the sun for long hours i found myself
  in front of a hut that actually looked like a big umbrella. Rather than being built
  on a square base with a big space under the roof, it had a main pillar with a round
  bench built around it, and a roof wide enough just to keep your knees covered when
  seated. This wasn''t good for me, and, as it happens often in our lives, i had to
  move on and try to think about a B plan. In my research i eventually stumbled upon
  a useful piece of information from a traveler that had previously slept on a train
  station''s bench. Not sure if train stations would stay open all night, and not
  having internet coverage, i could only trust my faith and keep going until next
  town, so to verify if the station''s bench would be a possibility.

  After nearly 40 kilometers with an heavy backpack on my shoulders, i finally reached
  the train station, dropped the heavy, stinky bag in a corner of the room, put all
  my valuables in a day bag, and headed off looking for a public toiled where i could
  wash my tired body.

  The town was really quiet and small, and the clouds covered the sky, giving everything
  a cyanotic gloomy appearance. I''ve been walking for 15 minutes without finding
  any promising sign of life when i decided to go back to the train station, defeated
  and sweaty. Just before i could turn in a narrow lane, i noticed a middle aged man
  and a young woman chasing me, literally running and screaming something i couldn''t
  understand. At first i thought they were going somewhere else and shouting at someone
  else, but when they approached close enough i realised they were speaking in english,
  and clearly pointing at me. While having a big family gathering, they saw me walking
  on the main road through the big window of the warm dining room, and decided to
  invite me in to have dinner with them. Little i knew they wanted to give me shelter
  for the night and offer me a hot shower and bath. At first i was incredulous and
  i couldn''t stop negate to myself that what was happening was there for me. Defensively
  embarrassed by those people''s good heart, i was being shy and feeling out of place,
  but soon the magic of a table full of delicious food to be shared, and wine to be
  enjoyed, loosened me. The cultural differences from a western country and an eastern
  one were lifted from our hearts and we ended up being just connecting bundles of
  energy, where helping one another was the only nourishment we had ever needed. We
  sang all together and shared life stories. Got to know each others as real people,
  not as different anymore, and despite the language barrier, understood each other''s
  jokes and lived in the present moment of another rainy evening in Shikoku''s wet
  season.'
