Title: A pinch of dreams, curiosity and growth.
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-pinch-of-dreams-curiosity-and-growth
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Fatima Zahra Mansouri
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: You understand how it feels to realize a dream only when you touch it in an
  "abstract" way. The emotion that is felt in reaching the your own goal is pure serotonin.
  At that precise moment everything is confused, too many conflicting emotions overwhelm
  you in a pleasant way. The beauty of going to a place far from our comfort zone
  is that you discover your true potential, your limits when you dive into a foreign
  country, always stating that the stranger is you, you really discover if you are
  willing to live or just to "survive", because let's face it, to live is to be citizens
  of the world and explore all its facets, to survive is to go on vacation a few days.
  I've always wanted to do something like "Around the world in 80 days", the satisfaction
  of seeing my passport full of tattoos, immortalizing every moment in a shot, getting
  in touch with different cultures and customs is something we must impose to ourself.
  I am that kind of person who lives of feelings, and traveling is a feeling that
  never ends. It is a growth on a human level that no one will ever give you unless
  you stop for a moment, lose everything you're doing, for a moment think out of the
  ordinary, at that moment you can be amazed at how many things you could think, say
  or do. When you move continuously you develop a sort of "early integration" that
  allows you to adapt and easily integrate into any context. Traveling, even without
  a destination, lose ourselves in the beauty of the unknown. I am an artist therefore
  I have a sensitivity superior of an ordinary person. I live of dreams, feelings,
  sensations, I try as much as possible to escape from the raw and illusory reality
  as it presents itself, entering into a philosophical context I can say that I have
  torn the "veil of Maya" that most people still have on their eyes, and no matter
  how good it may be to see things from a different point of view, it is awful to
  be aware of certain truths. It may seem like an autobiography but for my bad luck
  I don't have all the elements to make one yet, I simply transcribing my feelings
  and all these words are merely the resume of what has been the most exciting trip
  of my life. I have always had a fervid imagination and with the passion of the movies
  and tv series I always fantasized about being in the place where the series was
  held, or being one of the characters, or performing an act told in the series, in
  short it did not hurt to anyone if I thought outside the lines, so I continued to
  do it and I still do it. United States, Florida and more precisely Miami ... how
  many people would like to visit it, how many people would to capture the waters
  of that crystalline ocean ... or simply those who would not just say "I went to
  Miami!"? Many, here's the answer ... many if not everyone would like to have the
  opportunity to go there, and I was very lucky to have that opportunity. I had been
  thinking about it for years but with the economic difficulties that my family has
  they were not able to afford ... but one day when I was sure I told my parents that
  without hesitation they said "yes", I did not expect such an answer as it was really
  unreal as a proposal, yet here I am, in front of the Miami International Airport
  ... I still remember that warm breeze that caressed my face as soon as the doors
  opened, at that moment I could say I had touched my dream in an "abstract" way.
  I tried as much as possible to live the moment rather than photograph it, infact
  all the memories are alive in my memory. I met wonderful people who are still part
  of my life, I met the love of fairy tales, I grew up on a human and professional
  level, and I would do it again a thousand times.
