Title: A pilgrim of love
DateModified: '2019-02-06'
DatePublished: '2019-02-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-pilgrim-of-love
SetInCountry: Saipan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ysabel San Pedro- Schuld
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I thirst. I desire . I hit all the buttons. I never look back. I always have
  this philosophy that if I do not try,  I lose the battle . I hate the feeling of
  a missed opportunity. I would be a fool to regret  this. I was 29 in 1991 , I am
  ready to risk not rue missed opportunities. I became an OFW or overseas Filipino
  worker. Despite the perjorative connotation I applied to go to Dubai UAE, Qatar,
  and Marianas Islands. Little did I know, I won the part of being an OFW working
  for JC Tenorio Enterprises. In Saipan, then two years later, I became an English
  high school teacher at Marianas High School. Imagine being in a foreign land, getting
  paid in dollars not in pesos, learning a new language , Chamorro, wondering what
  kind of people  I will encounter. It was an adventure of a lifetime, bonding with
  people from different cultures , acknowledging our differences, respecting our uniqueness
  and working together as a family. I felt love and understanding with the Chamorros.
  The way they chew their betel nut and smile, the manner  they offer you apigigi
  as a sweet dessert, the love they give me when my 12th grade students at Marianas
  High gave me a surprise barbecue birthday party at the chalan  kanoa beach. Those
  moments worth more than gold, The hearts that I touched and those souls I learned
  my lessons from is too indelible in my consciousness. I carry this all with me ,
  in my eternal spirit, I walk , I offer to help others, to be a pilgrim of love since
  it is only the gift I can give nothing greater. At times, if we plan too much we
  get disappointed yet if we follow the will of God, we do not get frustrated instead
  we flourish. We quench our thirst since we make living life  more meaningful since
  we never felt more alive than ever. This is just the beginning....
