Title: A place where winter meets summer...
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-place-where-winter-meets-summer
SetInCountry: Russia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sergio  medvi
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: I always wanted to see the Caucasus mountains. And the trip to the city where
  the Olympics were recently seemed strange to me - in the subtropics? and promising
  snow by the warm Black sea? Is that possible? It's like going to Nice and find a
  winter resort at the Adriatic. Or Andorra plus a sea. The plane came in to land
  from the water and it was very interesting to see how the blue surface suddenly
  began to be replaced by urban infrastructure, below. Cars raced along the highway,
  the Windows flashed the spotlights of the runway, drops of rain slid across the
  glass. Soft push and the stewardess announced the end of the 2-hour flight from
  Istanbul. I arrived to Sochi. The exit from the airport was just boring and short.
  Customs and border guards did not make us wait long. The air brought the smell of
  the sea, on the street it was very warm. The trees and flowers bloomed around and
  it seemed not real a little astonishing. How it can be so? It is February, right?
  I expected to see mountains of snow, I expected to be shackled by frost. It is Winter
  now? We are in Russia/ I felt hot in my warm jacket. The taxi driver approached
  and asked. If I want to go to the mountains. He ment that I came here ...not just
  swim in the sea? I surely planned to do it/ But My goal was to see mountains and
  snow in winter. I wanted to take a ride in the mountains? Something didn't add up.
  Winter, but warm. The smell of the warm swimable sea and I am offered to ski nearby
  altogether. It's nonsense. It can't be. I agreed. The taxi driver cheerfully put
  my Luggage in the car and we went to the mountains. As I was explained. The trip
  would not be long. About 40 kilometers.  The highway was new and with good surfce.
  We quickly drove through the gorges, mountain rivers, through the tunnels. Suddenly
  an amazing picture opened up in front of me. It was a cliff with greenery ahead,
  and a little further in the coming pictureof the blue sky, I could see  the high
  cluiffs of snow-capped peaks. I opened the taxi window.  Some Frosty air blew from
  the outside and I noticed that the area was more like a winter landscape. Snow already
  was not justa surprise, but it suddenly became more and more often met. We were
  definitely driving to the real winter. Promised me the mountains opened in all its
  splendor as a picture of a famous artist. The peaks were covered with snow. It was
  freezing outside. A ski village was full of crowds of people who in their bright
  colored clothes were like bright spots on a snow-white background. I'm here!Promised
  me the mountains opened in all its splendor as a picture of a famous artist. The
  peaks were covered with snow. It was freezing outside. A ski village was full of
  crowds of people who in their bright colored clothes were like bright spots on a
  snow-white background. I'm here!
