Title: A Plight in Paradise
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-plight-in-paradise
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Douglas Ray
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: '"I''ve never been responsible for taking a life before," I thought to myself
  as my blistered fingers combed through my hair. It certainly wasn''t something I''d
  ever imagined happening when I hopped on a plane and headed to the cozy little beach
  town of Hua Hin, Thailand, to join the rescue center.


  It was the early hours of Wednesday morning, the sun barely creeping through the
  cracks along the temple walls, as Mor (Doctor) Aey, Ghet, and I sat on the clinic
  floor clutching Si Khao (translating to "the color white" in Thai). A mangy, white
  street dog that had been poisoned and dumped on our doorstep two days before, yelping,
  vomiting, barely able to lift her own head, and a desperate plea in her golden eyes
  begging me to save her. We worked tirelessly for 48 hours trying to flush her system,
  tend to her wounds, and hydrate her. Nothing worked. She continued to bleed agony
  across our every waking moment. Eventually, breathless, I suggested euthanasia.


  Tears cascaded down my cheeks as Aey softly shared some Buddhist philosophy, ending
  her explanation with "we cannot intervene in her path. You have to do it yourself,
  Khun Doug." She handed me the syringe of pentobarbital, the Grim Reaper''s scythe,
  as Ghet and her solemnly left. What lay ahead filled me with terror, but the alternative
  seemed so much worse. I steadied my legs and stood with Khao in my arms.


  The rest of the morning was a tear-stained blur marred with hesitation, heartache,
  the searing stench of putrefied ethanol, and throbbing hands covered in a scarlet
  mixture of clay and gravel. I squinted up at the sun-kissed frangipani blossoms
  overhead. So much beauty and so much pain blended together in an unforgettable moment.


  I gathered my thoughts and made my way back to the dilapidated out-house where the
  volunteers keenly awaited their daily instructions. They started their day like
  any other, cleaning cages, mopping down the clinic, washing bowls, and medicating
  the animals we had with us. All followed by daily exercise on the beach where the
  dogs could expel some energy and frolic in the waves, although "frolic" may not
  be the best word to describe the high-paced game of twister these pups embarked
  on!


  Mor Aey walked up the path towards us and motioned for me to join her.


  We meandered along in silence before veering off towards a black-marble running
  path surrounding the lake. We walked passed a magnificent shrine the locals had
  erected for their recently departed King. Aey paused, raised her hands to wai, and
  turned to me. With tears in her eyes and a quiver in her voice, she began to share
  about the struggles of disease and injury they faced with over 100,000 street dogs
  in a 6-mile radius because locals weren''t educated enough about sterilizations
  and how to properly care for their animals. They bought puppies because they were
  cute and later discarded them when they grew to be more of a handful than imagined.
  She told me how she loved animals, in a way that made my eyes well up, and how she
  wanted our mission to be about more than just saving one dog at a time. She longed
  to fight for those that couldn''t fight for themselves, to share as much information
  with as many people as possible, and to educate the uneducated and show them the
  error of their ways.


  The conviction she spoke with left a yearning in my soul.


  I was dumbfounded, a million more questions flooding my mind. Questions about the
  mindset of the local Buddhist people, the contradiction between their belief that
  all creatures are sacred and the mass behavior towards these animals. Questions
  about her vision for the future, how she would want to educate people, how we could
  accomplish all of that with limited funding and limited resources... but, no questions
  would be answered just then.


  She looked up at me with loving eyes, took my hand, and said "Thank you for this
  morning, it was right. That''s enough for today." And we walked hand-in-hand back
  to the clinic, saving my questions for after the next heart-wrenching task in paradise.'
