Title: A Retreat From Kyoto Heat and Overwhelmed Mind
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-retreat-from-kyoto-heat-and-overwhelmed-mind
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Hernita Ika Pratiwi
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'As soon as I arrived in Kyoto station, I was filled with this adventurous,
  excited feeling. Kyoto was the third city on my eight days holiday in Japan, and
  it turned out to be my favorite. Fellow traveler who just arrived or were about
  to continue their journey, locals who were also on holiday or visiting family, the
  always-looked-busy businessman who were on business trip; all completed my first
  impression of Kyoto. Charming.


  Honestly, summer is never my ideal season to go traveling. Having been living my
  entire life in a tropical country, I get to see the sunlight as long as I want,
  and I really could not stand the humidity. However, Japan was so beautiful even
  in summer. It was vibrant, full of colors, and sparked joy within me.

  I started the day with looking for transport mode. Bus day pass was my choice. You
  could get on and off at any city bus in Kyoto with that pass, only five hundred
  yen for a day. Simply just show the card to the driver when you are about to get
  off the bus, and off you go. Therefore, I purchased it. The pass came with a Kyoto
  tourist map. There were some famous objects on the map, like Fushimi Inari Shrine,
  Arashiyama Bamboo Forest, Ginkaku-jin, and many others. And this map, was the beginning
  of my love for Kyoto.


  Before arriving at Japan, I have made an itinerary. I was supposed to go to Arashiyama
  Bamboo Forest and Fushimi Inari Shrine. However, I spotted this beautiful shrine
  photograph in that map, covered in lush green forest, with red lantern along the
  way. It was love at first sight that I decided to change the itinerary and go all
  the way to the shrine.


  The shrine turned out to be Kifune Shrine. Even the name itself sparked joy when
  I pronounced it, and you just know that it is going to be a wonderful experience.
  So, I looked up for the details of the shrine, how to get there, and where it is
  located. It is located outside Kyoto, 30 minutes by train on Eizan railway. While
  looking for more information on the internet, I found that there is also a hiking
  trail to Kurama Shrine in Kurama Mountain, just beside the Kifune Shrine. I never
  hiked on my country, yet the Kurama Mountain attracted me to hike and see the shrine
  on top of the mountain, so I also went hiking.


  The next day, after brunch at an okonomiyaki restaurant near the guesthouse, my
  cousins and I went to Demachi-Yanagi station. As soon as we arrived at the Kibune
  Village where the shrine is located, I was in awe. It was a small village, yet it
  was so clean, covered in lush green trees, with a small river running just beside
  the street. There were some kaiseki restaurants on platforms over the river. People
  could enjoy the meals as water flows beneath them.


  I walked to the shrine and was welcomed by this huge, bright vermillion torii (gates).
  After that we would walk up the stairs with red lanterns on our right and left side,
  just like what I expected from the photo on that tourist map. Japanese Shinto shrines
  all have omikuji (fortune telling paper), and since this shrine is entitled to the
  water deity, the omikuji here is unique. You have to dip the paper in the water
  in order for the fortune writing to be visible. I drew one and got small luck.


  After that we went hiking to Kurama Mountain. It was a medium hike for me, as I
  am not used to hiking. It took 2 hours to reach the finish. The trail was also pretty,
  lush in greens and somehow satisfying. I found the hiking satisfying and healing,
  as I felt like I was welcomed and taken care by mother nature. Huge sacred tree
  here and there, bright red lanterns pretty much everywhere, and friendly locals.
  It was the best summer ever in my life.'
