Title: A Sanctuary of Our Own
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-sanctuary-of-our-own
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Camilla Engradina
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: A week ago, my boyfriend and I made a sudden decision to go on a picnic (by
  only bringing water) to a tea plantation in Puncak, Bogor. Puncak is a famous for
  its fresh air for people that live around Jakarta and Bogor. We went there once
  before and it was amazing. I said amazing because not so many people recognize that
  such place exists. Long story short, we reached that place by scooter. To get to
  that place, we needed 1 and 1/2 hours approximately and along the way, the view
  was beautiful. Green and fresh, just like cucumber juice in the morning. That day,
  sun was shining good and the sky was a bit cloudy. We knew rain was about to pour,
  but we cared not about it. We continued our journey undoubtfully. The gate to enter
  the place is small, we had to go down to buy tickets for us, i guess it was only
  around $ 1.5, inexpensive! We parked out scooter beside the guard's booth. "Let
  the journey begins!" I shouted in my heart. We held hands and went up to the highest
  place. There was no other visitors but us as expected, but... when we turned after
  the intersection my jaw was dropping. I saw a wonderland that  only existed in my
  dream before. Those are wild pink flowers!!! Spreading all over the abandoned tea
  plantation. I was like "what in the world?!" I thought situation like that could
  only be found in Europe or Japan. I was about to weep, for real. Then, we took some
  photos and videos for our personal documentations. I remained doubting that such
  wonderful thing happened to me. We explored to the small hill which was also covered
  in pink flowers. Up there, we were heading to the gigantic billboard and sat down
  under it. "A world of our own" we said. And the air that we breathe belonged to
  us, only for the two of us there. We were sitting and having a nice conversation.
  Far from our sight, we could see the paragliders in action. Two eagles were floating
  above us and calling each other's names. That day was perfect. Sun was not shining
  harshly and we could enjoy our exploration calmly. We planned to go there again
  in the near future, we will bring chicken and mineral water. Perhaps, we will also
  bring a small mat to lie down and being thankful of how beautiful our hometown is.
