Title: A Search For Enchantment
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-search-for-enchantment
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: William Street
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: A couple of years ago, a friend ended up moving to Santa Fe, NM. In retrospect,
  a little voice in the back of my head said, "Santa Fe, huh?" I'd been living in
  Chicago for several years (for the second time) and was growing increasingly disenchanted
  with life in a Midwestern city. Meanwhile, references to New Mexico, Taos, and Earthships
  started popping up in things I was reading and I started to feel myself pulled to
  New Mexico. It became apparent to me that I needed to at least go check it out.
  A road trip to Colorado and New Mexico was discussed with a couple of friends but
  fell through. I ended up quitting a job that many would have thought was perfect
  for me and selling or otherwise getting rid of many of my possessions. I actually
  reached a point where I didn't feel much sense of purpose unless I was getting rid
  of things. I went back to my native Kansas City, MO for a couple of months while
  trying to figure out my next move, but I was unhappy there as well. A friend who
  I'd met in KC and who'd been to Taos and wanted to live in an Earthship had an ex-student
  living there and told me I should look him up if I went out that way. I spoke to
  him on the phone a couple of times and said I was trying to figure out a way to
  come check out Taos. He said, if nothing else, he knew a couple of people who had
  small properties out on the mesa for rent. I was so desperate to get out of the
  Midwest that I decided to rent a trailer on the mesa for a month or two. I'd also
  arranged to help a lady who was building an earthbag house. The plans got complicated
  and I told her I was going to have to postpone my trip. She said, "Go ahead and
  come out. You can camp out here, take the tent and go exploring - whatever." So
  I decided to jump out of the plane, so to speak. I took a train from KC to Santa
  Fe (an amazing ride in itself) and spent the first night at my friend's place overlooking
  Santa Fe. As I stood on his deck while he put his baby to sleep, I looked out at
  the lights and took a deep breath. I felt years of stress melt away. The next night,
  I was falling asleep in a tent on the mesa with the rain fly off, staring up at
  the moon and stars. I awoke to see a hot air balloon descending at the neighbor's
  house. When not working on the earthbag house, i went to the hot springs or Carson
  National Forest with another guy who was helping on the house. He was a WOOFer and
  the next place he was going was a hostel/farm called the Snow Mansion. I was looking
  for a cafe with Wifi and there was one across from the Snow Mansion so I went with
  him the day he went to see the garden and meet the proprietors. It turned out that
  the friend of my friend in KC lived 2 doors down from the cafe. I took the tour
  of the Snow Mansion and asked if they needed more help. The matriarch, Mouna, said
  yes and that they had a hoop house available. I stayed 4 months, originally helping
  in the garden and then being pulled in on desk shifts as well. I also ended up doing
  a little construction and working at the cafe. I met so many cool and  interesting
  people and learned a lot (not least about myself). I knew the hoop house was probably
  going to get uncomfortable around November so I was looking for an apartment. By
  chance, I went back down to Santa Fe to see my friend and spent the night in the
  hostel there. I was making small talk with the manager and she said, "We're kind
  of looking for someone else down here." I said I'd consider it, but it became pretty
  obvious that was my cue.
