Title: A series of unexpected events
DateModified: '2019-02-21'
DatePublished: '2019-02-21'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-series-of-unexpected-events
SetInCountry: Hong Kong
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Arsa Kharismawan
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Traveling is not always fun. Sometimes there are unexpected things that happen
  out of plan. But I''m not a rigid person and I was ready for any kind of surprises
  when I decided to do a solo travelling to Hong Kong.


  But what happened that day was like a series of unexpected events. First, I forgot
  to fill my bottle before leaving for the hotel. I didn''t want to buy bottled water
  which was quite expensive. So I decided to look for a free drinking water tap, which
  unfortunately I didn''t find along the way.


  The second one was when I waited in line for the cable car ride to Ngong Ping. I
  had arrived early in the morning & ordered an online ticket so I didn''t have to
  be in a long queue. But unfortunately, I still had to. I thought maybe everybody
  made an online booking. But apparently there was a another problem.


  It was informed that due to weather constraints all online booked were canceled.
  We were offered to buy tickets in cash which were more expensive. It was ridiculous.


  Because I was already there, I ended up buying one way ticket on cash. They said
  that they will refund my purchase but they didn''t tell me when. I decided to make
  my return trip by bus because it was cheaper. I had to be back on main island before
  3.30 p.m. to catch the next scheduled trip on Victoria Peak. So I arranged my trip
  in Ngong Ping as short as possible. But another disaster came.


  The queue to take the bus was insanely long. I waited for about an hour to get inside
  the bus. I was very anxious whether or not I can make it to the city on time. Because
  I was informed that my ticket would be useless if i don''t arrive on time.


  When I finally arrived at the central station, it turned out that I was too early.
  As I approached the tour leader, she told me to come later because it wasn''t my
  schedule yet. Because I still had time, I decided to find a mosque, so I could do
  praying and get free water.


  It turns out that the closest mosque was quite far. I had to pass through narrow,
  rising alleys. It was quite exhausting and I had to return to the gathering point
  as soon as possible. Finally, I found the mosque. The first thing I did was drinking.
  It felt like having a break after a whole day fasting. I barely didn''t eat nor
  drink anything during the day.


  I saw my watch and it showed that it was 4 am. I was very late and I didn''t know
  whether I was able to join the tour or not.  I just prayed for the best. As I finished
  my praying, I ran back to the gathering point as quick as I could.


  Once I got there, I met the tour leader and she was not the one that I had met before.
  When I showed her my voucher she said I was late and I missed my session. But luckily
  she allowed me to take part in her session. A few moments later the tour began &
  we left for the tram location.


  During the tour, I met a group of three Indonesia female travellers. Since I came
  in Hong Kong I had not met with any Indonesians yet. Of course I was quite happy
  because finally I met with another people who had the same background. I found out
  later that the girls came from Jakarta. They liked travelling and studied psychology
  before, just like me. I had a very pleasant conversation with them during the tour.
  It feels very nice when you do a solo travelling and then you find a really good
  travel companions.


  So as I said, traveling is not always fun, but there are always great experiences
  on it. For me, this trip wasn''t just an excursion. I found many lessons. How to
  be in a foreign country, alone, stray, thirsty & starving, but in the end you will
  find new places & new friends.'
