Title: A serendipitous excursion
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-serendipitous-excursion
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Richard Evans
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: A few years back, a friend and I took a relatively impulsive trip overseas with
  an amazingly inexpensive airfare from the Midwest.  We managed to plan an enjoyable
  trip to Paris and the Benelux countries during a 2 week period.  On our trip to
  Amsterdam, we stopped at a local bar and inquired about other happenings in the
  Netherlands that would be worthwhile to see outside of the city.  We were traveling
  during Carnival season and had already purchased a multi use train package between
  Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands.  Our host informed us of an event in Maastricht
  in the southern part of the country that was having a festival at the same time
  we were there.  Luckily my friend and I share a similar adventurous streak and decided
  right there to check it out.  We stayed out fairly late that night, but that didn't
  deter us from getting up early to take the train to the southern part of the Netherlands.  Since
  this was prior to the I-phone era, we went relatively unaware of what was awaiting
  us.  We disembarked from the train and followed the passengers inside the city,
  thinking the crowd in general would show us where to go.  As we were walking, we
  began hearing what sounded like a parade so decided to walk up a staircase to get
  a better view.  Apparently the parade leaders also had the same idea and followed
  us up the staircase to a small balcony where they proceeded to hoist their drum
  batons and salute the rest of the parade as it passed on the street below.  We soon
  found out this was also being televised as camera crews focused on the parade leaders
  and us standing  the sides of the balcony.  Of course, we decided to play along
  like we were meant to be there with the parade leaders and waved to the passing
  people and cameras in approving acknowledgement of their efforts.  Once the parade
  passed, the leaders gave us a sly nod and we continued to follow the parade to the
  main square where the parade ended.  We found ourselves amidst the central carnival
  gathering surrounded by food and drink vendors, bands, a large dance floor, and
  a multitude of costumed revelers.  We proceeded to sing, dance, and imbibe with
  the crowd for the rest of the evening.  As the bands wound down, we visited a few
  of the local drinking establishments and continued to strike up conversations with
  local people and enjoy the carnival atmosphere. Since this was an unplanned trip,
  we did not have a hotel to spend he night.   We caught the last train back to Amsterdam
  at the and of the night and luckily we were able to sleep most of the way back.  We
  were able to walk back to our hostel near the train station in time for last call
  and a comfortable nights rest. If not for the gracious advice provided by out bartender
  the night before, we would have missed one of the best local festivals I have ever
  experienced.
