Title: A Small Town Canadian In Hong Kong
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-small-town-canadian-in-hong-kong
SetInCountry: Hong Kong
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Joseph Holoien
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'When the airplane landed, I found myself no longer in a context anything similar
  to the small city of Regina on the Saskatchewan prairie. My girlfriend and I were
  in Hong Kong. Overwhelmed by the density of the tropical air in Shannon''s homeland,
  I could feel myself sweating almost instantly. We took the metro from one part of
  the airport to another and I had never seen so many people cram into such a small
  space in such a short duration of time. Eventually however, we were out of the building--it
  was nighttime--and were accompanied by Shannon''s father, Stephen. He would then
  show us to the bus that would take us to his pearl of an apartment that overlooked
  the harbour between Aberdeen and Ap Lei Chau island. This would be our home-base
  for the next month and a half as we explored Hong Kong from late April to early
  June and were introduced to a number of Stephen''s friends and family.

  After leaving our belongings in his apartment on the 38th floor, we went down to
  a small local restaurant in search of some fresh cuisine. The street-side restaurant
  had one table still available yet there were about only four tables in the whole
  room and the chef was in a small nook in the corner! We had a stir-fry of rice,
  egg, shrimp, and green onion--a delicious combination for the soul-sapped traveller.
  After the wonderful experience so different from that found in the West, we retired
  for the night back to the apartment. In Stephen''s home, there were three divided
  areas and within them, technically four rooms: a master bedroom overlooking the
  harbour--yet barely large enough for the bed within, a small room with a bunk bed,
  and a living room/kitchen area. I slept in the bunk room and through a tiny window
  I could see the lights of the harbour below. I had a restless night due likely not
  only to jet lag, but from my own excitement to see what was out there in the days
  to come.

  My girlfriend--having been born in Saskatoon, Canada, but then raised in Hong Kong
  for a number of years--was excited to be back. Her dad took us to a local bread
  shop where we purchased small sausage pastries and pineapple buns. They were certainly
  a must-have! We then walked around the island and saw a number of people fishing
  from the coastal seawall, others practicing Tai chi, and a number of markets nestled
  in under or near the base of a couple taller buildings of the island. There were
  also two primary ways of getting to the main Hong Kong city from Ap Lei Chau, by
  sampan (a traditional Chinese styled ferry/fishing vessel), or the bus--the sampan
  was definitely my favourite choice. The sampans, buses, and metro system (MTR) could
  be paid for with the tap of an, "Octopus card," and this became very useful. With
  this card and the many modes of transportation, Shannon and I visited museums, Stanley
  Market (my favourite place!), malls and other public areas. Hong Kong has some very
  unique streets and the popularity of English amidst the sea of Cantonese makes this
  an even more accessible environment than some. Some favourite market streets (that
  are also quite popular amongst tourists) are: Temple Street, Flower Market, and
  Men''s Street. These were great places to look for a variety of things, from small
  trinkets and fresh fruits to various street foods.

  We eventually decided that we needed to go see the Tang dynasty-inspired garden
  (Nan Lian) with its golden pagoda, and Chi Lin Nunnery. These were a connected area
  built by Japanese architects who knew the Tang dynasty style. Unfortunately, due
  to Mao''s Cultural Revolution, there was nobody left in mainland China who specialized
  in Tang period architecture and thus, Japan--a nation that had adopted Tang architecture
  between the 7th and 8th centuries--still, thankfully had specialists. This was such
  a tranquil place to visit, and the garden even has a small museum built in and I
  highly recommend this area. It was amazing to see how such a largely populated city
  could have these organic spaces tucked in amidst the busy surrounding environment.'
