Title: A Snowy Scandinavian Farm
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-snowy-scandinavian-farm
SetInCountry: Denmark
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Katie Stuck
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'You know when you can just tell an experience is going to be a good one? I
  honed in on that exact sensation as I stood in my assigned room for the month, flipping
  my Scandinavian lamp on and gazing out into my first Danish night: one being dusted
  with the first snowfall of the year. I didn''t know what laid ahead for the next
  30 days, but I could simply sense it was going to take me out of my comfort zone...
  FAR out of my comfort zone. Sure, I''d considered myself pretty well traveled until
  then - but it was all travel that was pretty, well, typical of someone from my background.
  I started as an Airbnb traveler when I took my first overseas trip at the age of
  23, eventually trickling down into hostel life broken up by intermittent train travel...
  but this was my first "Hello, nice to meet you. I''m going to work for you for a
  month in exchange for free food and accommodation. Oh, and by the way, I know nothing
  about working on a farm," experience. Nonetheless, the elderly Danish couple, who
  owned an apple tree farm, as well as plenty of chickens, sheep, and geese, welcomed
  me in. Upon my acceptance, I promptly visited my local outerwear shop and traded
  my fairly fashionable clothes for a temporary wardrobe of fleece and layers - another
  new experience for my warm climate upbringing. I arrived to Denmark, took a train
  to quite literally the middle of nowhere, and waited in the freezing cold rain with
  no phone service whatsoever. Shivering, my mind replayed, "Where are my hosts? They
  said they''d be here... Oh, well, it''ll be over soon. There''s no way they forgot
  me. I''ll warm up when I get to the house." After about an hour of waiting, a muddy
  Danish van pulled up, donning an equally muddy Danish man. He asked if I was Katie
  and I confirmed. I climbed into the van and began the journey to my temporary home.
  What followed was the most uncomfortable, yet unforgettable month of my life. I
  befriended the only other worker there - an Italian who arrived the same day as
  I did. We promptly worked 8 hours day - setting up chicken fences, breaking ice
  in the pond, burning excess limbs, cleaning chicken coops, herding stray sheep,
  and, of course, digging up lots and lots of potatoes straight out of the frozen
  solid ground. I hadn''t been aware that it was possible to feel so incredibly cold,
  truly at a level deeper than just that of skin and fat. I felt cold in my organs,
  in my bones. Sometimes I still think that the Danish winter is permeated into my
  body. However, the warmth of our host''s lovely Scandinavian home warmed us up in
  every possible way you could think of. Not only was their slight stereotypical Danish
  coldness quickly turned over by their undeniable hospitality, but the food made
  by our lovely female host was unlike anything I''d ever experienced. It was so wholesome,
  so rich, so simple, so... warming... all at the same time. Alongside this, their
  home was the most beautiful and cozy environment one could hope to spend a month.
  Again, it was so wholesome, so rich, so simple, so... warming. I''m not sure how
  our Scandinavian hosts managed to melt our frozen bodies and spirits so effortlessly,
  but it made the miserable work, the work I truly didn''t want to do, so worth it.
  And it made me realize that what I had uttered to myself while waiting at the tiny
  train station was true: "It''ll be over soon." And that mindset forever changed
  how I traveled, for it is true. No matter how uncomfortable or miserable you are
  - it will help you realize how strong and resilient you really are, you''ll soon
  be warm, safe, and happy again, and not to mention... it''ll give you a great story
  that no one else has.'
