Title: A student to Wadi Rum
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-student-to-wadi-rum
SetInCountry: Jordan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ana Neves
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'When I started travelling I was a nervous type traveller. I guess you can say
  I was a tourist type of traveller because I only travelled if there was someone
  willing to come with me and only to the most popular venues. Also, I needed stuff.
  A lot of stuff!

  Since 2017 that I have been evolving as a traveller and one particular journey marked
  the beggining of my transformation.

  I wanted to do something different for my birthday which is always a tense date.
  You see, I was born on the 31st December and therefore, there is always a fair amount
  of drama and stress around the subject of "What am I going to do?", "Who''s in town
  that I should invite?", "Is this fun or interesting enough?".

  But in 2017, I decided to escape all of this and when I found a guided tour to Jordan
  that fitted both my schedule and budget I didn''t think twice.

  It was only two weeks before departure I started to prepare and realized I was going
  to spend New Year''s eve in the Middle East, more precisely in Wadi Rum desert.
  The same old questions rushed through my mind: "What is there to do in a desert?",
  "Is this going to be fun?", "What have I done?!".

  The sound of reason talked louder: "Everything is paid for and arranged. I have
  to go now even if the idea is no longer appealing. I have to go." And so I did!

  The first day was very interesting while walking around Amman but the folloiwng
  day we went south into arid landscapes. We visited King''s Road and stayed over
  night in a mountain cave. The cold temperature around zero degrees was starting
  to affect me but the worst part was that there were no water and no toilets. If
  we had to go to the toilets we had to balance in rocky hills amongst goats and other
  animals walking around. There were feaces everywhere. I felt lost and scared and
  my reasoning fell silent as my emotions were taking over the experience. I just
  wanted it to be over.

  A fellow traveller noticed I was shutting down and talked me out of it. She reassured
  me everything was going to be OK and that although this was not the most wonderful
  place it was only day two. I decided to believe in her and my pride did the rest:
  only day two (Exactly!).

  The next day we went to Wadi Rum where we camped for three nights. Colder temperatures
  accompanied by strong winds swirlling around our tents were permanent. At night
  stars and unfamiliar noises kept us awake. I was feeling smaller by the minute,
  no longer disgusted but unease with the strange world around me. I felt an impostor,
  like if I was trespassing property of braver man and women. "This is not my territory",
  I thought.

  The day of my birthday came and I wanted to call my mother. Thank her for giving
  birth to me, 42 years before, and to let her know I was OK. There was no reception
  at camp site and therefore the local guides took me to a hill where in a particular
  spot I could make connection with my world. And while connecting through over the
  phone I saw Wadi Rum for the first time. Resilient, magestic, infinite. For thousands
  of years it has been here. It will be here many thousands of years after me. These
  browns and reds, these mountains and hills will be here after I''m gone. After we''re
  all gone. Scarred, marked, craved by winds and animals and men but without a single
  bite to its dry and exotic marvellous beauty. Sustaining summer and winter and war
  and time. Resisting over time. I thought to my self, if Wadi Rum can do it, preserve
  its dignity and beauty despite everything it has endured, so can I. I can take a
  bit of cold and a few days without running water. I finally found some confort in
  the neverending arms of Wadi Rum and I no longer felt insignificantly small but
  proudly humble. A student before a master. Before Wadi Rum.'
