Title: A Tale from Thailand
DateModified: '2019-02-24'
DatePublished: '2019-02-24'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-tale-from-thailand
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Megan  Vander Lugt
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'As I''m currently sitting in the airport waiting to board my last flight home,
  I can''t help but pinch myself at the reality that the past 2 weeks actually happened.
  If you''ve talked to me at all in the past 2 months, you''ve likely heard me express
  my huge desire to travel to Southeast Asia. Not everyone''s first choice of places
  to visit, but I was eager to travel to a place much different than I have ever been
  before. After researching different counties, travel companies, and tours, I ended
  up booking a trip, just for myself, to Northern Thailand. A very last minute booking
  at that... we''re talking booking the tour and flights less than 4 days before I
  left. I blame my dad for my indecisiveness and last minute planning...

  After 10 hours in the air and an additional 6 hours waiting in airport, I arrived
  in Thailand''s capital, Bangkok. After some confusion as to where and who was picking
  me up, Megan, another girl in my tour group, picked me out of the crowd and helped
  us find our way. Without her I probably would still be wandering aimlessly around
  the airport...

  The hour and half ride from the airport to our hotel that morning consisted of my
  eyes peeled to the window. For arriving mid morning, the city seemed very cloudy/grey.
  I''m fairly certain this haze was from the pollution. With a population of 8.3 million
  people, almost all living below the United States poverty level (we later learned
  the average month income of someone living in Thailand ranges from 15,000 to 30,000
  baht, which is just $450 to $900 US dollars), you can imagine why there is is such
  a great deal of pollution. Whole families were riding scooters together as if it
  were the family minivan, 6-12 men hanging from hammocks off the back of flatbeds,
  trucks spilling of coconuts multiple meters high, and cars literally driving as
  fast as they could zipping all over the road. Megan and I marveled at all the differences
  we saw from our everyday life back home.


  The next day, after a long 3 hour tuk tuk ride, we were introduced to our hiking
  guide, Vito. First thing we all noticed about Vito was the very large machete attached
  to his belt. Through broken English, Vito shared that the machete was to kill poisonous
  cobras. Yea, we''re talking the 6+ feet long, can swallow a rabbit whole, that has
  poisonous fangs, cobras. *gulp* Vito comforted us by sharing that, "Sometimes you
  don''t see any." It must have been our lucky day, because we luckily didn''t. After
  trekking on for about 2 hours, we camped at a waterfall and had lunch. Vito pulled
  out perfectly wrapped banana leaves with fried rice inside. A pleasant, and refreshing,
  lunch. As I threw my backpack on to trek on, I noticed a buffalo off grazing in
  the distance. Another moment in my life where I just had to pinch myself. After
  a quick dip in a cold waterfall, we trekked the last half hour to the village where
  we would be spending the night. That night we had more dinner prepared by Vito''s
  wife and another village women, as well as had a bonfire. It was at this bonfire
  I made my best friend. Vimo, Vito''s son, made his way to my lap by the fire after
  making faces at one another over the flames. That night we took turns pointing at
  different things and then pronounced what they were in each of our languages. We''d
  then take turns pronouncing what the other shared, often ending with giggles hearing
  how wrong the other would pronounce the word. My inner teacher got Vimo to be able
  to count to 10 on his fingers, which put a big smile on my face the next morning
  when he shared that he remembered how to. By far my favorite night of the whole
  trip was laying under those stars with Vimo next to me, learning from one another
  that although our words and worlds may be very different, the sound of our giggles
  and smiles on our faces are quite the same.'
