Title: A thing of beauty is a memory forever
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-thing-of-beauty-is-a-memory-forever
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Tonmoy  Dev Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Rainy lazy summer afternoon, I was in my room fiddling with my phone, with my
  best friend and some tea for company. That's when suddenly both of us are struck
  by the fact that how much of a monotonic tone our life has drifted into, since many
  months. The next thing we do is book a flight for double the normal cost (cause
  we booked it only 16 hours prior to its departure) and fly to Aizawl, Mizoram. That
  was my friends first flight of his life, and my first trip among many for which
  I was more than excited. That place was a mystery for me since childhood and finally
  I gave myself an opportunity to savour what it has to offer. We landed after an
  almost 1 hour flight. The first thing I notice while landing was the greenery and
  a river flowing amidst all of that and I instantly fell in love with the place without
  even setting a foot on its land. Once we landed and started proceeding for the security
  check, I was very happy not only cause the place was already so beautiful but that
  lazy rain that accompanied from my hometown to Aizawl had now turned from being
  melancholic lazy to happy and refreshing. We had our inner permit line papers ready
  a day before we took off (we weren't aware that we needed any sort of permit, until
  another friend of mine called me up to inform), so in about a 40 minutes drive from
  the airport using a local cab we entered the main city of Aizawl. Boy oh boy, "this
  place is mind boggling man! Its so beautiful with the clouds and the chill!", that
  was my first reaction. We booked a room at the hotel Ritz, a popular hotel in Aizawl.
  But as we were tired so we decided to have dinner early and call it a day. Next
  day another disappointment was ready to be served hot to us. There was some kind
  of political issue on and the people had demanded for a closure of the normal city
  life as a protest to it. So that day was spent amidst some good food the hotel chef
  had prepared and some fine whisky to beat the chill. So basically the itinerary
  for the next 2 days that were left was to cover the most of Aizawl we could. We
  hired a cab for the entire day and on day one, the first place we went to was the
  Reiek Valley trekking route. One hell of an experience, one needs to trek it to
  experience as words will fall short to describe the lush green untouched forestry
  one passes through to reach one amazing series of hills and views. That kick start
  to the day made me fall more in love with the place and the rest of the day was
  spent in drives through hills and forests and in search for beautiful views and
  ending it with a visit to the Vantawng waterfalls, another marvel of nature. The
  second day of travel and technically the last day was a mixture of sadness and awe.
  Sadness as because that was our last day in Aizawl and awe because of how nice,
  educated and polite the general crowd of people there were. They are one of the
  warmest souls I have ever come across. The hospitality is unmatched on every front.
  And the food that we tasted, the local cuisine is beyond words I can use to describe
  something more than amazing. That last night in Aizawl, we spent clicking pictures
  and enjoying the light show of mother nature in the form of lighting atop the Dartlung
  hills. As if she also shared the emotion of two young travellers, the sadness that
  we were feeling as we had to returning to our hometown the next morning leaving
  behind such a beautiful place. As we entered the flight the next morning that sadness
  changed to light smiles as we realised how much of inner calm we achieved through
  our one sudden decision to explore the unexplored, the memories it etched into our
  minds to cherish forever.
