Title: A tourist in my own country
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-tourist-in-my-own-country-3
SetInCountry: Mozambique
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Anissa  Arune
AuthorCountry: Mozambique
Text: 'I never thought how ignorant we can become if we close ourselves to the idealism
  of being civilized and educated, while never having even explored a part of our
  own country.

  The first time I went to Nampula (a province in northern Mozambique), for a strange
  reason, I thought that life would be just like in Maputo, which is where I have
  lived my entire life. I could not be farther from the truth. Landing in Nampula
  city ( the province has the same name as the capital city there) proved how wrong
  I was at the first.  The airport is as busy as in Maputo, but the town itself was
  a bit calm. Women are dressed with colorful capulanas (African print cloth used
  to wrap around the waist), not afraid to be or feel bizarre as I would in Maputo.
  they use muciro (a paste made of a specific wood) to embellish their faces as well
  as for medicinal purposes. One can tell that women from Nampula like their jewelry,
  with gold or silver earrings, necklaces or bangles, even if is just to go around
  the corner to buy green mangoes to use as an ingredient to their spicy recipes,
  an influence from the Arabs, back in time. Another characteristic I have found odd
  while still landing and wrapping my head around the whole new world I was within
  my own country was that not everyone spoke Portuguese, but a local language emakhwa,
  largely spread. I feel like going back, for the food, for the jewelry, for the colorful
  capulanas and mostly for the freshness of the air, surrounded by mountains and the
  local stories involved with mysticism and fear of the colonialism. There were also
  funny stories- I remember once local telling me that all chicken from a specific
  district called Murrupula had no giblets. The story revolves back to the colonialism
  when the masters did not allow the servants to eat the same food as they did. One
  day a master asked the servant to roast a chicken, but when the chicken was served,
  it had the giblets missing. The master calls the servant asking what would have
  happened and the answer he got back was that the chicken had no giblets at all,
  as well as all chicken in Murrupula. Of course, his story was corroborated by the
  remaining servants. To the date, it is known that the chicken from Murrupula has
  no giblets.

  People from Nampula have a melodic sound when they speak and tend to drag the words
  as they speak. It is as if they were singing the phrases and in their own particular
  way this way of speaking defines them. A greeting session may take several minutes,
  as they not only greet but also tell a little story on how one woke up, how the
  family was when he/she left home. The breakfast is mostly composed of cooked cassava
  or sweet potato, tea, and some fish, being cassava and fish the products they have
  the most. Bread is accessible, but perhaps for cultural reasons or even habit, people
  still prefer their tea with cassava. Another aspect is that no matter the social
  status, they prefer to eat with their hands. I did not expect to find them enjoying
  their spicy (very spicy) food eaten with no fork, spoon or knife - simply because
  they prefer it that way. I stayed in Nampula for  3 weeks and each day felt like
  a journey not only to the biggest province of Mozambique, but also a journey to
  a whole new world and philosophy. I was expanding my horizons to new concepts and
  new beliefs - there is so much more to this earth than just the place we live! There
  is so much more to see and share the experience with the whole world. I did not
  expect, but I came a different me from this trip. For every place I visit, I find
  common grounds, differences, new experiences, old traditions and I also meet new
  people, new friends, I make a new home. The learning experience of a trip is a never-ending
  process and can also be lifechanging if explored in a proper way.'
