Title: A Tour to Scotland of India
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-tour-to-scotland-of-india
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Janardan Gogoi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'It was winter time, we started our journey without any pre-planned at day time
  for shillong, which is also known as the scotland of India due to its all round
  view. Shillong is located in Meghalaya, the North East of India. The weather was
  cool and already freezing while we started our journey. As we entered Meghalaya,
  the weather became more cool which was enjoyable during the day time.  Three of
  us were traveling by Motor bike which was more enjoyable for us.  The view was so
  amazing and mesmerizing that we were enjoying too much. Finally we reached nearby
  shillong and the main story begins from here.  As we went there after so many years
  long, so it was obvious that we forgot the ways inside Shillong. Some how, we managed
  to reached for Shillong golf course. There we had lunch with tasty and yummy veg
  momos and some indian traditional pakoras. After having the lunch we relaxed ourself
  in the golf course. Then we realized that we have to get back to home. So we started
  our way back to home. But before we start our way, one of us said lets go from other
  way. We agreed !! And started towards the other way out. But, we never thought that
  would be our biggest mistake that day. We moved on so far that we reached a place
  where there were no way out to go further. Road was blocked by nature. So we turned
  back and began to move on and again we came to the same place from where that mistake
  done, the golf course. And from there, we again entered to some new place which
  we dont know where to go and where to not. We keep on moving forward but again we
  keep on reaching the same spot. Then finally we realized that, we were lost !! It
  was very funny moment for us in such a serious condition. But seriously being honest,
  it was really very funny. We laughed so loud by looking at each other eyes. And
  decided to move forward and never give up. Finally after one hour, we met one trespasser
  who helped us to make our way back home. But that was not enough. He said he''ll
  be going to same place to which we asked for. So we lifted him in one of our bike
  and dropped him at his location. But we were puzzled up again. He showed us the
  right direction but we asked him about the wrong location. Which was really funny
  right ? Yes !! Then again we decided to move forward by asking some local people.
  And after some time we somehow managed to get back out towards our destination.
  And finally, we were safe from being seriously lost and reached home safely but
  not properly. Due to 12 degree celcius cold my health was not okay. I suffered from
  severe cough.

  Well, what so ever, that journey is and will always be the best enjoyable and memorable
  journey ever in my life.'
