Title: A traveller and cyclone.
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-traveller-and-cyclone
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: MOHAMMAD HABIBULLAH
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I have been travelling full time all over the India country from past two years.
  Recently I went to 4 south east Asia country in January 2019. So I have many stories,
  but I am going to tell about the one during my Andaman & Nicobar trip which I completed
  in September 2018. That was my first solo trip. When my flight landed at port Blair
  Airport, it was raining. Since I had already booked the ferry for Havelock Island
  which was around 6:00 pm. After 2:30 hrs from port Blair I reached to havelocK island,
  Everything was going right except the weather which was really unpredicted. Next
  day I explored local places and did scuba diving. The real adventure started next
  day when I was coming back from Radha nagar beach by bike,On the way I saw board
  indicating a way through mountain towards Elephanta beach but only hiking. I just
  Parked by bike there and joined a couple who were also heading towards Elephanta
  beach after some times they decided to return but I wanted to go. So they came back
  and I was solo from there. That was really more than adventures after some time
  light started disappearing and also started alight shower. I only remember that
  suddenly I slipped and fallen down around 10 ft from that level a there was a bit
  mud and I was unconscious after that. Then I woke up in the middle of the night
  when there was silent every where there was no network in my mobile so, I could
  not use maps to get out from there. Any how I spent the whole night near that mud.
  After two days from that day I had to return to port Blair. I took the ferry every
  thing was good at that time. But when we travelled around 30 minutes in the sea.
  Weather suddenly changed and the wave started hitting the ferry from front side.
  Initially I started making the video and was enjoying but soon when the attendant
  announced that it was a cyclone. Every one was scared I stopped making video. There
  were only 5 five people out of 200 in the ferry who didn't vomit and I was one of
  them. It was the first time when i felt how it feels when a ferry makes an angle
  of around 70 degrees in the ocean. That was one of the most horrible as well as
  adventure things I have ever experienced during my travelling.
