Title: A trip that help me find myself
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-that-help-me-find-myself
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Andrea Castro gallegos
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'The first time I went to Europe, changed my life forever. I didn''t expected
  to go to Italy and neither to find myself there. I was just traveling by myself
  on the summer of 2015, when I went to Italy, and started to visit all those wonderful
  places: I visited Milano, Verona, Vencia, Pisa, Rome and Firenze. I was staying
  in a hostel just by myself in Firenze, one night before visiting Cinque Terre, La
  Spezia; when an old man came into me and started to talked to me. I was a little
  bit scare of him, because he didn''t have a good appereance, but then he started
  to gave me some advices of life, places to go, etc... His first advice was : you
  should take "la spezia train" and go to that awesome place, you will regret if you
  don''t go.... then after talking about a lot of things. I asked him why he was there
  and he told me that his son was working in Romania for a automotive company and
  he was visiting him for summer. In that moment I knew where I was going to work:
  because I didn''t knew that in my country exist that company, so thats how I became
  an automotive designer and this man helped me finding my vocation of life... Nowadays
  I worked there and I am very happy, I love what I do and I hope some day find this
  man to say him thank you for all his advices...Sometimes in life we judge people
  at first sigh, but those people can help us to find our direction of life. I was
  very frustated, that month of the year because I was getting back to my country;
  with no idea of what I was going to do for the rest of my life . But now that I
  know what is my value in this world, I keep working hard on pursuing my goal to
  become a worldwide automotive designer. Design has always be my passion since I
  was a kid, I remmember traveling with my dad who pass away 10 years ago and our
  talks about car designs. When I was a kid I wanted to become an automotive designer,
  even that: that career in my country was just only for men. This man that appeared
  in my trip in Firenze just remmind me that never give up into your child dreams.
  So thats how I find myself and I can tell to the readers that you need to do, on
  what take your breath and never give up on what you believe.'
