Title: 'A Trip To Mysuru '
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-to-mysuru
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rumen  Alam
AuthorCountry: India
Text: This is Rumen, originally I belong to a small town called Silchar in Assam,
  India.  I am not a frequent traveler. Last year I went to my Sister's house in Bengaluru,
  Karnataka where we made a sudden plan to visit the historic city of Mysuru. According
  to the plan, we started our journey from Bengaluru. We hired a car to take us to
  Mysuru. On the way, we witnessed the beautiful scenario along side the road with
  some apartments, though they were not dense like the main city of Bengaluru. It
  was completely a new experience for me as I travel less. But my sister and father
  have experienced earlier. It took almost 4 hours to reach Mysuru from Bengaluru.
  When we reached, we visited various tourist spot and have chat with other fellow
  travelers there. The travelers were not only from India but also from different
  countries of the world. As we talked to them, we came across various traditions
  and cultures of different people. We learnt various new things about them. We also
  visited historic places of Mysuru like museums, palaces of different ancient Kings
  of India particularly Tipu Sultan who bravely fought against the British rule. We
  also visited the historic Mosque where the king used to offer Namaz. Among others,
  we visited the historic Church where the famous  Bollywood film, Amar Akbar Antony
  was shot. During the daytime we also made a visit to Chamunda Hills whose average
  elevation is 1000 meters (3300 feet). It is one of the Holy places for the followers
  of Hinduism. By that time it was almost dark when we decided to visit Brindavan
  Garden. It is located on the outskirts of the main city. It is famous for its decorations
  and lightings in the night, that is why we visited it at last in the night. The
  beauty of lights and decorations of  the garden cannot be expressed in words. It
  was completely a leap into the unknown particularly for me. At last we returned
  back to our house in Bengaluru near about 10:30 in the night. Thank you.
