Title: ' A Trip To Valhalla'
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-to-valhalla
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Debu Rajput
AuthorCountry: India
Text: We, six friends went to a well-known location to have the best time of our life.
  but we didn't know what gonna happen with us and when we gonna return as we were
  going to book our return ticket from there. So four people (A, M, N, U)went on 1
  Feb and the other two (G, D) were going on 2 Feb as they had little work to complete.
  So one of these two, D got into the fight with U and got down from the train just
  when it was about to go. G called Others and told that D is not coming and went
  somewhere he doesn't know and he is not picking up his calls as well. He switched
  off his phone and went to a Gurudwara. So, U in hunt of finding him and knowing
  that he is safe tried to reach everyone in D's contact but haven't able to talk
  to D. So, just before he was about to call his dad who is in Police to file a missing
  report D called him and they peace it out and D will come on 3 Feb. When these two
  arrived two rooms already been taken and divided as there was a couple out of six
  so they occupied a room and the four has to live in the left one. Everyone is mad
  on D for doing what he did so they didn't let him enjoy his time like he was sleeping
  on the couch and been walked up by the bucket of water in the middle of the night
  and more and more. But things got worse when U pushed him into the swimming pool
  while he had his phone in his pocket. His phone was fully damaged and dead'. And
  another twist in the journey is that D has told a lie to his family about where
  he was going. And now he lost his phone and he didn't remember any no. he could
  contact. Pretty strange. Then plenty ups and downs they went to a club and they
  had two girls with them as well both of them took shots just after entering the
  club and both of them just ruined the night for others lots of drunken fights and
  amusement.  But this is the place where D enjoyed a lot. Danced with girls drink
  a lot and returned to the room in the same way Leonardo Di Caprio goes in 'The Wolf
  Of Wall Street'. Then had the return ticket of 9 but when they reached the Railway
  Station they found out that ticket is confirmed but it is booked for 9th March instead
  of 9 Feb. Boom! That was a real shock and broked many. Because up to now all of
  them were completely done with their financial status. But still the rich ones booked
  their Flight and came back but three Amigos came up with a plan and board on a train
  with no reservation while taking the name of God in their hearts. They reached somewhere
  closer to their homeland by travelling on one leg for 17 hours. And then took another
  train from there to home. And after 11 days of herculin journey they all reached
  home, well few reached early. But we had some memories which can't be planned like
  we tracked on the railway track and catch up a train from behind in the night. Lost
  our purse and Phone (Obviously), saw a leopard just 200 m away from us (could have
  died). But now when I recall all this so this puts a smile on my face and in my
  heart which can't be bought. (Still, miss my phone though)
