Title: A Trip to Kei Islands, Indonesia!
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-to-kei-islands-indonesia
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Reinhard Kadmaer
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: Back in December 2 years ago, I just arrived in my hometown, Ambon, Indonesia.
  Yea, the world's exotic gem of the southeast Asia. Was just laid off from a newly
  gotten job in Barcelona due to political instability in the region at the end of
  2017. Got home 19 days before Christmas, a relative was actually staying over for
  business trip. It was their last week when I arrived and didn't even cross my mind
  to visit an island that has been in my bucket list for quite long. While it actually
  under my nose all while. At the 5th days, the couple bought their ticket by boat,
  something that I never used before. By last minute decision I get my return ticket
  and get on the same boat to the homeland which I never been to since my last visit
  at the age of 2. The trip took us for 24 hours, we pass by the incredible and legendary
  Banda Island and it's volcano. The little Dutch town in a small island with it's
  old building takes us back centuries ago! I hoped off the boat for 1 hour docking
  and get to take picture of the infamous Banda-Neira's Old Church with massive volcano
  as the background. Then we continue to Kei Island. Been saving pictures for long
  since college, I know where I want go. But again, personal experience is way better
  than pictures I can tell, and the beauty of Ohoidertavun beach just steal the words
  out of my tongue!!! The white spread beach formatting a 'Salar de Uyuni' miles and
  miles away towards the sea made it hard not to use sunglasses but the breathtaking
  view pays of the 1 day boat trip to get there! You can rent bike from Kei Islands
  main cities, ether Langgur or Tual. It's a must googled island I recommend you!
  Not only Ohoidertavun, there are also soft sand beaches like Ngurbloat like you
  can never find anywhere in the world. If you have drone, the probably world's longest
  sandbank like Ngurtavur will wipe out your opinion of Maldives.  The highest point
  is Masbait Hill, with a statue of Christ Blessing on trip of it. The majority Catholic
  island which thousands of Maria Caves along the beaches and residence with the well
  preserved local Hindu minorities gives a whole different experience in a predominantly
  Protestant Moluccas (Maluku) Islands in a Muslim Indonesia. I get to enjoy the local
  food like Embal got to see the traditional dances and music like Sawat and even
  learn more about Kei Languages. Not only beaches, there is also a crystal clear
  water in Hawang Cave which is also a newly explored tourism attraction. There are
  also bunch of beautiful beaches surrounding Kei's main islands with sands that allows
  you to walk from one island to another! It is a truly an experience not only because
  I'm, in contrast, an origin of this place but a person who spend more childhood
  in Ambon and the world right after, gives me even way more perspective that the
  world's beauty is not out there miles away with millions of dollars trip. It's been
  down here, under my nose, patiently calling and waiting for me all these time. An
  unexpected journey inspires me more to appreciate my own homeland after being a
  nomad for work across the globe and I would love to share it's beauty over and over
  again to everyone, in the world, about our forgotten paradise in East Indonesia.
