Title: A Trip to Breuh Sigupai
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-to-breuh-sigupai
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Muhammad Fadhil Ikhsan
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'I want to tell the beauty of an area called Aceh Barat Daya or often abbreviated
  as Abdya, which in December I explored most of the area. In Abdya, we can find the
  best rice from all types of rice in Aceh. The rice is called Breuh Sigupai, which
  is said to only be harvested once a year and has a high characteristic of rice stems.


  Back to the story. That day, we started all of our trips from Lampeneurut, which
  is my residence that located in Banda Aceh City. At that time, I helped my father
  clean the house to keep it clean when we traveled later while my younger sister
  was helping my mother in cooking and preparing everything for the departure of our
  small family. After all the activities are finished, we left our home. On the way
  I saw how beautiful the beaches of Lhoknga, Mount Geurutee, and so on. As time went
  on, at Isha'' time we were right in a mosque called the Great Mosque of Meulaboh.
  Amazed, I saw the splendor of the mosque. After ten minutes, we searched for dinner
  around the mosque. After eating, we continued our journey again. Our family arrived
  at Abdya at exactly 10 p.m. at the residence of my grandmother and grandfather and
  we took a break to prepare for the next day.


  My family and I stayed in touch with relatives from morning to evening. On the third
  day, we began our journey to travel to a tourist attraction, namely the Alue Pinang
  River which is famous for its history. We enjoyed the beauty of the place from morning
  to evening. After I finished my tour of the Alue Pinang River, I returned home because
  it was too late at night. In the evening, I visited a culinary tour called Mie Kocok
  Tiong Abdya, then I returned home to rest in preparation for returning to Banda
  Aceh the next morning.


  Right at 7:30 a.m. I was finished preparing my needs and saying goodbye to my neighbors
  and relatives and most importantly my grandfather and grandmother who were very
  kind to me. At 8:00 a.m., I and my family left Abdya and headed to Banda Aceh.


  That is the story of my vacation with my family in the Land of Breuh Sigupai'
