Title: A travel? what&#39;s a travel, my life is a travel
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-travel-what-s-a-travel-my-life-is-a-travel
SetInCountry: Denmark
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Emanuele Vitale
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'A leap into the unknown.. this concept is amazing. If you want to learn something
  from life and you want to do it fast, a leap into the unknown is the answer.

  A couple of years ago I decided that I needed something to give a push to my life,
  the everyday monotony was too boring and I wanted to discover the world. But there
  was a problem.. I was still in high school and leaving my homecountry and decide
  to go around the world alone in such a young age did not seem so feasible. Even
  if my heart was thirsty for freedom and discoveries I was limited by obvious reasos.
  And just to make it clear, when I say I wanted to discover the world I meant for
  really, I want to discover it in any little detail it has; probably exactly those
  little details are the ones making it so special, and a "normal" tourist life would
  not allow me to see those. So even if age and school would prevent me from moving
  abroad, it did not prevent me from start planning it the best way possible. I thought
  after high school I would like to go to uni, so why not to merge the two things
  and do it abroad? A student life is probably the best way to discover a new place
  and to get myself plunged in a new society. But I had never been abroad until then,
  and I knew no english, so? "so I got two years until I graduate, two years that
  I can use to learn english" that''s what crossed the mind of the 16 years old me.

  Internet is just AWESOME, it gave me the possibility to get in contact with some
  americans, they literally taught me all the english I know today, I think they became
  in somehow my best friends and without even understanding it, talking with them
  was giving me the opportunity not only to learn english and to get amazing friends,
  but also for the first time I got closer to a culture that was different from mine,
  a new way of thinking and acting, new habits, new living standards. PHENOMENAL.
  I know that some of you may be used to travels and getting in touch with new cultures,
  and so this can probably sound a little silly, but try to put yourself in my shoes
  at that time. I was grown up in a little village without ever going abroad, even
  going to the closest city for me was a cultural impact (let me say I loved it) so
  getting so close to someone from a country different from mine,  it was my first
  big PHENOMENAL leap into the unknown. But I still had a plan into my mind, time
  passed by and there I was: 18 years old and an highschool diploma fresh printed
  in my hands... naaaah I am kidding I''ve never seen my official diploma, I left
  before so... well the official diploma could have never touched my hands. But don''t
  think bad, I never quitted school, I simply did my last exam and left right after,
  of course I had to ask for a special documentation that attested my graduation without
  the need to wait for the official diploma, so I could get admitted to the university.
  By the way I did not tell you yet, the university I applied for was in Denmark,
  so here I am now. Hey Denmark!. The second leap into the unknown of my life was
  accomplished, and yeah it was quite big such as all of a sudden I ended up living
  all by miself with no one I knew and in a totally new country that I had never visited
  before. Everything was so new and I was so distracted by all those changes that
  my first exams at the uni quite sucked, but now I am cool and fresh so I can say
  it was worth it. And now here I am, 2 years still missing to finish my bachelor
  and already looking for my next leap into the unkwnon, any suggestions for the country
  of my master degree?  Cheers!'
