Title: A trip to the whole world in Russia
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-to-the-whole-world-in-russia
SetInCountry: Russia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Amir Nader Ramadan Abdelfattah
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: Actually I feel so lucky that I could visit Russia during World cup 2018 ,It
  was a great experience for me to find more than 30 nationality celebrating , dealing
  . living . eating and doing every thing together for 30 days . At the beginning
  I had no hope to get World Cup tickets because it was expensive and Russia is a
  very big scary unknown country for me , but I got two tickets by luck and started
  to plan for my trip from Feb 2018. It was hard to book flight at the time of the
  champion , it was hard to get a vacation from my job in the bank , but i could do
  it and suddenly i found Russia opens her arms for me . what is that I'm in Russia
  ? i arrived and crossed borders without visa and during the most important sport
  event in the world , many people from different nationalities will meet me and will
  communicate together . Here are Moscow streets and I'm looking for my cheap hostel
  in Polyanka area , what a quit place with neat buildings , I had to go to the Fan
  zone where all fans will watch the soccer matches , I didn't expect to find all
  that number of people , i didn't expect to find Brazilians , Egyptians and Colombians
  are watching the same match side by side , it is a fact that soccer is connecting
  people without looking at their religions , their colors or their shape , It is
  only for the humanity . Its the forth day here in Moscow the Red capital with red
  square and kind Russians with their simple life and tasty tradition foods , but
  I have to travel to the great Saint Petersburg city because my national team Egypt
  will play against Russia in Saint Petersburg stadium . In my whole life I did't
  sleep as i slept in the night train from Moscow to saint petersburg , it was amazing
  and i was so tired , let's sleep now in Moscow and get up in Saint Petersburg ,
  I adore travelling . 19th jun 2018 at 7 O'clock I'm here , arrived Leningrad the
  great city which I read more and more about during the world war ll . Saint Petersburg
  is the best country i have ever visited the most beautiful city in my opinion ever
  . it was a dream to watch my national team playing in World cup and finally i could
  achieve.
