Title: 'A True First Adventure '
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-true-first-adventure
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Hunter Murray
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Throughout my life I have been blessed with many opportunities, some being unexpected
  while others being goals that I have earned. Though my trip to South Africa in 2016
  was a mixture of both, I believe that it was an experience has helped shape my life.
  It happened during my senior year of high school, and some may wonder why I was
  randomly going to South Africa in the middle of my final year of school. Well, we
  can go further back to have a better explanation of the story. My aunt Allison is
  an actress who worked on a cruise ship, and on this ship, she met the love of her
  life. This man was a very tall South African and after years of dating, he finally
  proposed to her. The man, whose name is Lloyd, was someone who was extremely determined(which
  could be seen by him always sticking beside her throughout her acting career and
  by living in the crazy city of New York), and with this determination, he convinced
  Allison to agree to have the wedding in South Africa. I spent the next few months
  saving up enough money to be able to go. There was so much anticipation leading
  up to the trip. I had never been out of the country and this seemed to be a destination
  that not even some of the most experienced travelers I know have been before. Yet
  in almost no time at all, I was on my way to the airport to be off on my first adventure
  abroad. The flight was an arduous journey starting with an eleven-hour flight to
  Istanbul, a nine-hour layover, and then another eleven hours. As soon as I stepped
  off of the plane I knew it was completely worth it. All of the hard work, all of
  the boring hours in class, and all of those long hours on the plane paid off. I
  was in a completely new place, experiencing things I have never even dreamed of.
  The first day was quite relaxed. My entire family was staying at a lodge in Johannesburg
  where we would spend the first night and recuperate. We spent the night catching
  up, especially those that haven't seen each other in years. The next day we woke
  up early in the morning and all hopped onto a shuttle that took us to a wild game
  reservation in Pilanesberg. We spent the next two days going on safaris, relaxing
  by the pool, or simply gorging on the fantastic food that was being offered. Though
  the safari drives were simply amazing. We saw animals ranging from towering giraffes
  to the rare wild dog, or even the magnificent lion. Yet the most wondrous thing
  we saw was an elephant scaring off two lions. The elephant walked so close that
  I could've reached out and touched it. The game reserve was still not the end of
  the wonderful vacation though. After the two days, we departed from the reserve
  and drove back to the airport in Johannesburg where we boarded a flight to the coastal
  city of Durban. We stayed at a wonderful and beachfront hotel called the Salt Rock
  Hotel. I would spend the days either exploring the surrounding neighborhoods or
  walking the beach. After two days in Durban, the wedding day finally came. The entire
  family and all Lloyd's friends were shuttled over to the wedding venue. Out of all
  the beauty that I witnessed on the trip, nothing could compare to the family-run
  farm that housed a church. The entire place was surrounded by beautiful fields,
  and there was even a great willow tree that was in the center of the farm. The wedding
  itself was a beautiful ceremony and the festivities that followed will be ones that
  I hold dear for the rest of my life. Though the next day I would have to depart
  and the end of my first adventure would come. Even though this journey had to conclude,
  I knew that my life would be filled with many more.
