Title: A Trip to Neighbor Country
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-to-neighbor-country
SetInCountry: Malaysia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Muhammad Al Hadziq
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'On Thursday, February 28, 2019, I got the opportunity to travel abroad for
  the first time. I happened to get the first rank in my class so I was given the
  opportunity to have a tour to Malaysia for five days. I am Indonesian, I attended
  a boarding school that prioritized languages as the main learning destination there.
  Therefore, traveling abroad is a golden opportunity for me to be able to practice
  using English because English is not one of the main languages in my country.

  That day, I left from Sultan Iskandar Muda International Airport. The airport is
  precisely located in Aceh Province, which is the place where I live, and is well-known
  due to the 2004 tsunami hit the area. In recent years, Aceh has experienced a lot
  of progress including in infrastructure, education, and tourism.

  Back to my story, I was escorted by my parents to the airport. There, I waited for
  my school group consisting of 2 students and 7 accompanying teachers. After they
  arrived, I said goodbye to my parents who must have worried because this was the
  first time I traveled abroad. It was 10:50 a.m. when we entered the cabin of the
  plane that flew us. We traveled using Air Asia aircraft which are already very common
  for travelers between countries in Asia.

  No sooner after we were all in the aircraft cabin, the plane began to get ready
  to take off. The most terrifying moment was when the plane shook while taking off,
  reminding me of my family in Aceh who always prayed for me. Indeed, this was not
  my first time flying on a plane but it still terrified me in case the plane failed
  to take off.

  The clock on my smartphone showed 1.20 p.m., and our plane successfully landed at
  Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Our next destination was to the hotel that we
  had booked, named Mayview Glory Hotel. We took bus as our next means of transportation.

  We arrived at the hotel around 3 p.m. When entering the room, there was no anything
  that we could do except resting. In the evening, without a long break we went straight
  to our first target, the Petronas Twin Towers. There, I saw how beautiful the scenery
  in the backyard of the highest Twin Towers in the world was. The colorful fountain
  that danced before my eyes managed to spoil me. Not long after that, we immediately
  went back to hotel because of our severe fatigue during the journey.

  The next day, we went to the International Islamic University of Malaysia, one of
  the largest Islamic campuses in Asia. We looked at the condition of the campus until
  the time for the Friday prayer, we also did Friday prayer there. That afternoon,
  we went to a mall called SOGO. I bought two jackets which happened to be quite costly,
  and therefore I did not waste my money shopping there.

  On Saturday, we traveled to Genting Highlands, a great playground in Malaysia. We
  boarded the cable car all the way between the games in Genting Highlands. We did
  not play there much because most of our members were more interested in shopping
  than playing. In the afternoon, we visited the State Palace and several government
  places in Putrajaya, most of which were government buildings.

  Sunday was the last day of our journey before we finally returned to Aceh. On that
  day, we visited a Damascus restaurant to taste Briyani rice, the portion was quite
  large for one person. The last night was waiting for us. That night, we spent time
  shopping in Chinatown. There, we bought lots of souvenirs for our family in Aceh.

  The awaited day arrived, Monday. That day, we all returned to Aceh after five days
  in Malaysia.

  In short, that was the story of my tour to Malaysia. The foreign atmosphere was
  truly very different compared to those in our area. A wise word says that the more
  we travel, the more experience we get. That is the most important point that makes
  me eager to try to set foot in Portugal because we have to do our best when we still
  have the opportunity to do it.'
