Title: 'A True Spiritual Bootcamp '
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-true-spiritual-bootcamp
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: maryam bash
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'After finishing my 11 day workshop at Temple of Singing Bowls in Mysore, I
  headed south of Mysore to an Ashram in the jungle to fulfil a 300hrs Teacher Training
  in Hatha Yoga Therapy.


  This course was completing my 200hrs in Classical Hatha Yoga I had done previously
  2 years before in Goa.


  I was attracted to this ashram because the lineage was firmly rooted in Sivananda,
  the Divine Life Society & Bihar School of Yoga.

  The price tag attracted me as it was 20000 Indian rupees ( approx. $ 200) for food
  & accommodation for 28 days & at the end of the course, you could give a donation
  depending on your means but it was not compulsory.


  I felt it was authentic to Indian prices & had a strong feeling that there was no
  greed associated with the course.

  When I got there I was greeted by many & in time there was 28 of us for 28 days
  together.

  Half the group was Indian & the other half from pretty much from all over the world.

  I shared a dorm with 8 girls which got difficult at times as many where going through
  deep transformation.

  Getting lost in the Trees, finding refuge in my dharma from the drama, karma


  Our daily schedule started at 6 am with Kunjal kriya, a purification method, a ShatKarma
  (6 actions/ 6 yogic purification methods) in Sanskrit but we liked to call it a
  "shitkarma" .. lols. where we drank 6 glasses of warm salted water & then made ourselves
  vomit. The benefits of kunjal is removing acidity & phlegm from stomach & esophagus.

  We would finish our day with Kirtan @ 9pm (singing devotional songs & making a whole
  load of sound).


  Oh what a Day !!


  Both teachers are dedicated to being Yoga.

  Dr Ashutosh who is a mainstream allopathic doctor but has a background in Chinese
  Medicine, Ayurveda & Practicing & teaching Yoga in all forms with the Divine Life
  Society for over 40 years, has renunciated in many ways fame & money to live a humble
  & simple life where he has a doctors consultancy right in the middle of the poorest
  slum in Delhi.

  He truly knows his abundance & therefore puts it in service for others.

  He facilitated Yoga Philosophy, Anatomy & Pranayam (amazing mind & spirit expanding
  sessions).


  Kadambari had grown up in Mysore where the spirit of Yoga can be quiet competitive.
  She had been doing Yoga Asana since the age of 8 while starting to teach by 14.
  She eventually became World Champion of Artistic Yoga but after a series of injuries
  in the spine from overdoing it, putting her body into awkward positions, her ego
  was broken & she found Dr Ashutosh who led her way into the true spirit of Yoga.

  She teaches the Asana class & is deeply knowledgable in yogic postures. Her classes
  were intense, 3hrs every morning from 7 to 10 am.


  I was counting the days to the end like a child. It was definitely the most intense
  experience I had ever lived, a True Spiritual Boot Camp yet looking back now I am
  happy I did it.

  When I got to the ashram, I was already quiet spiritually disciplined but in retrospect
  it brought me expansion in endurance.


  It made me stronger!

  I fully recommend this challenge to anyone that truly wants to deepen their yogic
  knowledge, not for the faint heart.


  Check it @ www.inteyoga.org'
