Title: A trip to an unfamiliar place with familiar strangers
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-trip-to-an-unfamiliar-place-with-familiar-strangers
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Jasnoor Kaur Maggo
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'We all jumped for joy after getting done with our first semester''s assessments,
  something which lead us to a night trip to Nandi hills. We didn''t know each other
  properly, nor did we share the same mother tongue. Yet, we were elated to know each
  other and watch the sunrise together.


  We all looked at each other with curious eyes; asking each other about the festivals
  we celebrated, our beliefs about certain things, our different languages, and food.
  That was the day I realized how different we are because of our different cultural
  backgrounds and yet how united we are due to our similar beliefs. "Paavam kutty",
  "Kannada Gotilla", and "Chill Maadi" were the new words that got added to my dictionary
  that night.


  As adventurous as our friend Naithik is, he wanted everyone to climb the mountains
  rather than walk straight on a road that took us to our destination. We crazily
  followed him, the magic of new friendships was all around us. When we reached on
  a little height, we sat and sang songs for a while. The beautiful view of the district
  Chikkaballapur, the amazing people around me and the songs made me feel alive at
  that moment. But most importantly, it was his smile; a smile that made my heart
  feel so warm from inside that I felt it would blast. I felt like it started beating
  again and I began to live again after a series of bad days.


  One of the best decisions of the night was to walk for 12 kms after trekking for
  2 hours. Although, everyone was stunned when Naithik proposed this idea but nobody
  said no. Living in the new city made all of us fearless enough to try new things
  at all times.


  We walked, walked, and walked till we were dead tired. We stopped after walking
  for 8 kilometers and decided to lie down on the road for a while. We laughed at
  our uncoventional decision and lied down. Lying down on the road amidst the mountains
  where there is nothing but silence and looking at the stars felt magical. One of
  the moments that is very close to my heart till date.


  We walked fast, we walked slowly and sometimes we didn''t walk at all. We kept on
  struggling to finish those kilometers and to keep ourselves calm. The morning signifies
  hope; but for us, darkness was our hope, for we wanted to see the sunrise from the
  hills.


  With sweat dripping down our faces and other body parts, we reached the hills; just
  to see fog and no sun rays. They said, "you won''t be able to see the sun for the
  next two hours". Disappointed and sad, we looked at each other. But then someone
  at the corner said, "We had fun on the way, so what if we couldn''t see the sun
  rays. We will come again one day." We looked at each other and then we looked at
  the foggy view, with hope in our hearts we said cheese and smiled for a photograph.


  We, human beings tend to do something or the other at all times to make and keep
  us happy. But things don''t always turn out the way that we want them to. Sometimes
  god''s plan is better than the one we have for ourselves. If we would have seen
  the sunrise from the hills that day, we would have never realized the value of patience
  and hope.'
