Title: 'A Travellers Eyes '
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-travellers-eyes
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Priscilla Uhr
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'I had heard someone speak once about the  "travel bug" the common phrase that
  once bitten would change you and this is true to everyone I had cross paths with
  returning home after the bliss of taking life by the seat of your pants, each day
  never knowing the next, a sense of discovery, a willingness to try new things or
  experience oneself in new ways. The contrast remains as an obvious contrast against
  the ritual loops that creep in like hometown comfort, the familiar faces, the conversations.


  I had found myself in my hometown familiar and yet far away and the clarity and
  detail of fresh eyes began to grow dim. After some time traveling it became struggle
  to remain in one place for too long. One day while picking up my usual coffee on
  the way to work I contemplated deeply what it was about the quality of my experiences
  abroad that made being home painfully dull. Then I caught it. Ever so slightly;
  a running inner-dialogue as though I were preparing for an argument for court, conversations,
  hypothetical scenarios flashing before me, a mind bending in anticipation of social
  cues, familiar tones and expectation rising up into each day before even arriving
  to my place  of work. Before catching up with that old friend, memories played on
  the projector before me. It was hiding in plane site in everything I felt I knew
  about what I was seeing and who I was meeting. I had reluctantly returned to my
  hometown in North Queensland, Cairns. Often meeting the response of old friends,
  "Oh you are back again". It was this spark of insight that day that change everything
  as drove to work, "Of course", I exclaimed. My knowing, just as I had met the knowing
  of others brought with it a kind of weight and the details disillusioned in time
  by anticipation. That day I began a practice of unknowing. A kind of daily practice
  that extended weeks and weeks into months what I notice was profound. I remained
  a traveler in my hometown for five years, transformed by the place, the land and
  the people revealing itself in new ways. Cairns, the Paradise of rich wilderness.
  Work became a new, old friends and family now strangers and lovers I was meeting
  again. There is much beauty to discover in Cairns and its surrounding landscapes
  of rivers, rain forests, dry rocky terrains, over 52 types of exotic fruits and
  some of the worlds best diving, but the quintessence of details a true traveler
  craves is the meeting of moments that move deeply and embed themselves into the
  soul as though being written into the book of life. These details often poetically
  sold cannot be achieve by merely visiting famous places as marks of achievement,
  they are the wellspring of stories. As I leapt into the unknown places within myself
  I had come to discover places in my hometown I never knew existed. Truly touched
  now by the notorious bug not as an addiction towards change but as an appreciation
  and wander. There was a kind magic and beauty that came from the pivot of notions
  and my experience there was one the richest I had, had.'
