Title: A Wayfaring Vagabond in Varanasi
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-wayfaring-vagabond-in-varanasi
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Jayaraj Gedela
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'After three days of the journey without a penny in my pocket, here I am in
  the land which never lets anyone stay hungry, Varanasi the land of spirituality
  and food.

  It all started due to my love for films.

  I planned to attend a film festival in Cuttack and started from my place, Visakhapatnam
  on Sept 4th, 2016 with around Rs.1500.

  But I was unaware of passes! So I couldn''t enter the fest, therefore was rambling
  all over the city and spent most of my money.

  In the evening, I reached a dhaba where I met a Punjabi guy and we''d some good
  conversation over the food and later I asked him where was he heading towards.

  He told that he had to unload the cargo in Kharagpur and then I asked him whether
  I could join him.

  To my surprise, he said yes!

  Till then I was thinking of to call my dad and ask him to arrange something for
  my return to Visakhapatnam but I don''t know what took over my mind and I hopped
  into his truck and I was in Kharagpur the next day!

  There I was roaming like a vagrant. I was so hungry but hesitated to ask anyone
  maybe out of self-respect or maybe I was afraid that anyone would be harsh on me
  or think me as a beggar because my attire looked like one!

  In the evening, I was resting nearby a footpath and suddenly a watchman woke me
  up by waving his baton on me.

  Later he asked about my whereabouts and took me to his home where he gave me some
  food, at the start I was hesitated to have then he told, "You might be hesitant
  but not your hunger, it''s clear on your face." I just gave a smile and started
  having the food and later, he asked me what next!

  I was like I want to experience more, know more, then he took me to the railway
  station and booked me a ticket to Mughalsarai. I hopped in the train waving good-bye
  to him.

  After a while, the train stopped in a village due to rain, I got down the train
  and was asking a villager passing about the place and he replied, "Gaya..!".

  Gaya, where Buddha attained his spiritual awakening.

  So without a second thought, I went to Bodh Gaya by walk which was nearly 30km from
  the place!

  I was asking the route to every random person I passed through and finally reached
  Bodh Gaya. The place was so serene and the rain made it much more beautiful. There
  were only monks and wasn''t having any rush of people as it usually has, maybe due
  to the rain! But I think the true beauty of Bodh Gaya is only when the rain sets
  in! Later after traveling through Bodh Gaya, I met a lady monk with whom I traveled
  to Mughalsarai. From there, we parted our paths and I went to Varanasi by evening.

  The nights at Varanasi shortly called as Kasi are the most beautiful sceneries one
  can ever see! Walking along banks of river Ganga, I settled down in the middle of
  a group of Sadhus where they were passing food to each other and even I got my turn
  to eat. In the morning, after having the darshan of Lord Shiva, I started to explore
  the place and met a cloth store guy named Ricky who gave me 2 kurtas to change as
  I was in very drastic attire and later he arranged my transport back to Mughalsarai.

  In the evening, I ate free food at a Mosque. I asked the elder of the mosque that
  "Do you feed Hindus too?"

  His reply was, "Son, hunger doesn''t have any religion!"

  I was overwhelmed with his response and moreover, he arranged for my trip back to
  Visakhapatnam.

  I experienced the values of life throughout this penniless trip, I met people who
  made me believe in destiny, who taught me what is love, free-spirit, and selflessness!

  To travel, it''s never about money and places, it''s about the humans you meet,
  the lessons you learn and the stories you experience for a lifetime!'
