Title: A walk to life
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-walk-to-life
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: zainab suleman
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: 'Travelling is all about the passion in your genes. i have that passion since
  my childhood when i used to started differentiate between the rainbow colours of
  life.My life is full little shots of travelling dairies but here i want to tell
  you about recent journey that i travelled from Rawalpindi to village Hafizabad Punjab.Journey
  is not a walk to reached your destination its all about to live your life between
  in it.My journey starts at 5.30 am in the morning 9 feb,2019.i just get entered
  in to the car with that excitment i found some thing new and enjoyed my journey
  with full energy.Soon, car crossed the motorway the scene was the" Beautiful sun
  rise" its seems to be the time when sky gets separated from Earth.With my full opened
  eyes i just want to absorbed that magnificiant scene in my eyes to heal and nourished
  my soul with those emitting sun rays.i just indulged in it.i took my cellphone opened
  my instagram made a Boomrang and put it in my story.

  Sun has raised fully the car is going on towards KALARKAHAR its a mountainous area
  on motorway with full of adventurous curves.i was with family i again and again
  pointing my fingers and said "look at that enourmous beauty".Then, i got stucked
  on that mountain on which i saw " coming soon " with lots of scattered paratroopers.it
  seems to be "THE PARAGLAIDING IS IN PIPELINE".

  within 2 hours of continous drive the soil to whom i belong came to eyes "The central
  punjab " filled with gardens of oranges, papaya,lemons,dates, gavas and breath taking
  sarso. The most mesmerising is the cultural touch in their dresses, food, living
  ,enjoyment and belongings etc.i just fell in love with that rare beauty in their
  lives and eyes. They seems to be satisfied and happy when children were playing
  in "ponds" .In feilds, farmers cut and implant different types of crops and they
  are honestly doing justice with their work. Dabba''z, bicycles and trucks filled
  with sugarcanes added the colours in that rainbow of culture.

  River channab spreaded enormously besides the both sides of road.The scene which
  truly inspires me that i saw the wooden boat moved on the water slowly, the fisherman
  spreads his net on the water to catch fish and the shining sunrays touched the water
  made the scene more beautiful.

  While crossing hafizabad interchange, the dominancy of culture is more cleared and
  enriched.The feilds of "SARSO" seems to be scattered all over the earth like a yellow
  Shawal. Time to time rice mills and small industries came in to scene.After covered
  63km we were entered in village jahrnawala, we decided to visit the old bangla place
  which was associated with those people who worked in water supply department. That
  place was anicent, old-aged,full of memorial architecture was build before the war
  of independence.That place is seems to be little world full of memories. It consist
  of beautiful lake, old peepal and mangoes trees on the both sides of lake.Greenry,
  beauty and memories were everywhere.we stopped there and decided to have some memorable
  pictures.click, click and click is all about to capture and caught those precious
  memories.

  Travelling is all about "TO BE CONTINUED" its simply "A WALK TO LIFE'' to taste,
  observe and absorbs every bit of it.Its an art to feel, memorize and pendown to
  create imaginable scenes and stay unfoundable in it.Life is full of sweet and bitter
  experiences but travelling is the most adventurous, inspiring and unimaginable even.When
  profession meets passion the ultimate goal is completed and u enjoyed your rest
  of life with hope, happiness and joy.'
