Title: A walk through Cortona
DateModified: '2019-02-10'
DatePublished: '2019-02-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-walk-through-cortona
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Victoria Walton
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'In 2016, I spent a month abroad studying art history in Florence, Italy, as
  part of my undergrad. Each weekend, my roommates and I would take the local trains
  to a neighboring town to explore for the day. Despite train strikes, we managed
  to discover places like Rome, Cinque Terre, Siena, and on one warm mid-May day,
  Cortona.


  Cortona is a small, hilltop town located in Tuscany. It''s famous for its architecture,
  its narrow streets, and of course, the hit 2003 film Under the Tuscan Sun. This
  story does not involve Diane Lane, but it does involve an unexpected trip up the
  hills into the historic town.


  My friend and I woke up early on a Saturday morning. With no classes, we were eager
  to take the first train to visit Cortona. We walked to the station and soon were
  heading south, through the rolling hills and vineyards. We arrived just before noon,
  with the sun shining hot overhead. We walked through the small train station and
  quickly realized it was almost empty. Just outside, we realized we needed to take
  a bus up the hill to actually get to Cortona. But because it was Saturday, the bus
  only came once an hour, and we''d just missed it.


  A quick Google search told us the walk up the hill was only 30 minutes, so we started
  walking up the dirt road towards Cortona in the distance.


  But soon, we discovered that was not the case. It was hot. The hill was steep. And
  we''d already been walking for half an hour - we were nowhere near the top. My roommate
  and I stopped on the side of the road for a break. Thankfully, there were small
  houses and apple orchards on the sides of the road. We sat in an orchard, all alone,
  looking over the Tuscan valley. My roommate picked an apple from a tree. We drank
  the water we''d brought in our backpacks, and tried to guess how long it would take
  to walk the rest of the way up. Halfway there? A third?


  With the sun still beating overhead, we decided to walk back to the road and continue
  our trek up. Soon after we''d returned to the road, a car came up behind us. It
  slowed beside us. My friend and I glanced at each other. There was a woman driving,
  and her daughter, who looked about 12, sat in the passenger seat. She rolled down
  her window.


  "Going to Cortona?" the woman said with a heavy Italian accent.


  Two minutes later, my roommate and I were in the backseat, and were being driven
  through the twisting hills, up the road to Cortona.


  What would''ve taken another hour by foot only took 10 minutes in the Italian woman''s
  little car. We tried to make conversation along the way, asking the woman and her
  daughter if they lived in town, but our Italian wasn''t much beyond "ciao" and "panini."


  When we got to the top, the woman pulled into a park across from a cafe to drop
  us off.


  "There, go eat there," she pointed at the little cafe.


  When we got out of the car, I reached into my backpack, pulling out two of the Canadian
  flag pins I''d brought with me on the exchange. I handed them each one, thanking
  the woman and her daughter for picking us up.


  They drove off, leaving my roommate and I to walk into the cafe for a panini and
  and aperol spritz. We spent another few hours in Cortona, walking through churches,
  along narrow walkways, and eating gelato. We caught the bus back down to the train
  station, and were on the train back to Florence by dusk.


  I remember three things from my day in Cortona: the delicious the delicious ''spumini''
  (think miringue - but better) I found at a sweet shop; a freak rain shower while
  I was browsing at an outdoor flea market; and the generosity of the woman who drove
  us up the hill that day, who taught me that language barriers don''t prevent generosity.'
