Title: 'A whole new world '
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/a-whole-new-world-4
SetInCountry: Saudi Arabia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Muneeba  Rizvi
AuthorCountry: Saudi Arabia
Text: When they say, to travel is to discover, I'm guessing they had in mind some
  globetrotter trotting all over the world, breathing in a new experience every day.  I've
  traveled to a handful of places, imagining that I would return a changed person,
  which I did but not as much as I expected. I'm an Indian living in Saudi Arabia,
  which is probably the last place I'd imagine finding...well..myself. I believe it
  is essential to discover your community no matter how quaint or seemingly dull before
  you venture into the world. It gives you a sense of belonging and hope, knowing
  its a place you can comfortably go back to after all you've seen. In the city of
  Dammam, you will find a quiet life, laid back vibes and of course the beautiful
  scent of 'oud' and 'kahwa' wafting through the air. Every time I returned from another
  country or city, Dammam seemed like a whole new world. I found a burgeoning culture
  hidden underneath the facade of what you may call 'oppression'. I breathed in the
  desert that has been home to a rich past. And every breathe felt like my troubles
  slowly meant nothing. It was as if God was calling you back to him. I've never seen
  a more welcoming community anywhere else than I did in Saudi Arabia. I would land
  up at random gatherings of women in the city of Dammam, and I had witnessed this
  extraordinary bond of sisterhood that I hadn't seen anywhere else in any country.
  I didn't expect to find this warm atmosphere that had been begging me to come all
  this while and I didn't pay any heed. Makkah and Madinah were adventures beyond
  my imagination. There, solace found me in a bus full of eager pilgrims and solace
  found me on a street bustling with activity. It felt like I left the world behind.
  The valleys of Makkah and neighboring Taif engulfed my sorrows. Strangers made me
  feel welcome in a land that wasn't even their home! As of 2019, I didn't expect
  to find a kaleidoscope of landscapes in Saudi Arabia. From spiritual retreats to
  the tallest towers to Bedouin turfs. It was all so overwhelming. Back in Dammam,
  amidst the starry midnight, I stood between buildings that towered over roads that
  had retired until dawn breaks. It felt like an out of body experience, taking in
  the silence. There is an extraordinary contrast of lives in the so-called ghettos
  and the so-called 90210's. But I think what brought these contrasts in one picture
  was, food. You will find the Saudi's enjoying the foreign culture and you will find
  the foreigners feasting on the local cuisine. Food in Saudi Arabia is not only affordable
  but also a delight to the palate. I think that's also one language everyone understands
  and connects with. If you're in the coastal region, the beaches lure you, as brilliant
  shades of emerald glisten under the sun. If you're in or near Riyadh, allow the
  hidden canyons to echo your name. For an escape from city life and contemporary
  culture, Dumat Al-Jandal does justice, as does Abha. The hills seek to strengthen
  your mind and soul. However, the 21st century's features of high rise buildings
  and industries are taking over the country at breakneck speed. I see dying cultures
  and traditions. I see blatant disregard for a rich past. I see a generation plunging
  into a whirlpool of madness that they seek to be at par with the rest of the world.
  I didn't expect to find a story that I could be a part of that will soon be forgotten.
  I didn't expect to find.....myself.
