Title: 'Aesthetic taste Tibet '
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/aesthetic-taste-tibet
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Deekshant Rahula
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Hey! Dawn's fella...well that's the name of my travel journal. Actually this
  name came to my mind because I love waking up by the rays of morning's sun, it gives
  me warmth that I need to leave my comfortable and warm blanket and kick start my
  day off. One usual day i just woke up and thought to go somewhere new place in Delhi
  because that it is near to my university. I love exploring the place i'm residing
  in. And Delhi it's the heart of India. I have been to so many places in India and
  Nepal but couldn't came across a city like Delhi ...as we often say "dilli hai Dil
  walon ki" meaning "Delhi is a city of people with good hearts". So I went to this
  tibetan colony named New Aruna Nagar which is near by Majnu ka Tilla. I would suggest
  you to take metro instead of taxi or a cab because this place is always packed with
  traffic jams plus it's pocket friendly to use public vehicle. So take yellow line
  metro and get down at Vidhan sabha. After that get out of scary oblivion kind of
  darkest metro station and take e- rickshaw to new Aruna nagar. Don't dare to give
  more than 10 rupees to e- rickshaw wala.and you will see a green colour bridge.
  Climb that bridge and don't donate the false beggers on the bridge, you can give
  some money to the needy people, yeah that's right now who's gonna decide who is
  needy and who is a false beggers ..just listen to your heart and see if the person
  is young and able to work so just don't give him anything but an advise. So now
  you see some fashion shops ..that you are craving to get in and buy as much fashion
  as you can because it's at the best price offers you will see everywhere. Ask someone
  where will you get laphing and directly go to the shop for laphing .what the heck
  "laphing" is ?? same question was there in my mind. Well it's the street Tibetan
  cuisine. When I had laphing for the first time my reaction were like is it a combination
  of momos or spring rolls but it's too good to be called as any of those. I would
  suggest you to try dry spicy laphing. Don't go according to your taste you must
  try spicy only because it has some kind of different experience that everyone should
  experience. hotness makes you numb for five minutes , you feel like you are are
  stoned without weed.haha! That's not true I don't smoke marijuana. Just kidding
  !..it will stop your brain and there will be tears in your eyes ..there will be
  sense of enlightenment. It may hurt your throat a little ...and at last you are
  gonna keep that experience to yourself. I remember I went to Buddhist monasteries
  there it was peaceful and the feeling of spirituality was left with me. I gave the
  roll to the Buddhist good luck charm wheels all around the monastery and I was telling
  myself that , Deekshant (it's my name) you are on 9th cloud now. I prayed to Buddha
  and made a wish for my family and friends and for the living beings. I went to have
  a hot cup of espresso .so I went to one traditional book cafe and it's name is kham
  cafe .I met the owner and taked about work, religion, peace etc. I never realised
  that I cared for ..he was a polite person. I never thought that I would ever enjoy
  my coffee with a stranger that too an old wise man. After closing the door of that
  small happy World cafe I went to one of the famous cafe of Delhi that is Ama cafe
  .I heard a lot about its blueberry cheesecake but I was amazed that I have heard
  very less. It was an amazing spoon everything was perfect the texture, the sweetness,
  the tangy and sour taste of blue berry sauce. It a very busy cafe so you might have
  to wait for other nice people to leave and give you a chance to taste the heaven
