Title: ' Alexandria, an old, romantic city'
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/alexandria-an-old-romantic-city
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Vita Agustina
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'After a long and full drama process, I finally left for Egypt. Ride a Saudia
  plane that transited in Jeddah first, before finally landing in Alexandria.

  Our plane landed smoothly at 9:00 a.m., Alexandria is a fertile city, green with
  palm trees lined up neatly. The clumps of palm trees I watched from above the plane
  were so green, beautiful and amazing. The scent of the desert just feels, dry, barren
  and hot. But the green palm trees in the distance make us feel like we are in an
  oasis of desert.

  From the airport the bus glides on a magnificent and classic building, a beautiful
  building that stands on 155 hectares. Montazah Palace. According to the info I got
  the palace was founded in 1932 and is the palace for the rest of Raja Fuad, right
  on the Mediterranean sea. The building''s architecture is a blend of Italian and
  Turkish architecture. To enter the palace only paid 5 Egyptian pounds. Unfortunately,
  because in the process of renovation I could not get inside, only photos in the
  palace courtyard and the beautiful Mediterranean sea background.

  After being satisfied with taking pictures, Bus continued its journey to the Tomb
  of Imam Busyiri, a great poet who fell in love with the Prophet Muhammad. The poems
  of his love were later composed in the form of songs that were famous throughout
  the world. A tomb inside the mosque, so besides making a pilgrimage, I also prayed.

  Egyptian mosque is a brown stone cemented and arranged high, the decoration is similar
  to Turkish architecture, but there are European styles that enter in the nuances
  of the existing mosque, a bit similar to the Katerdal in my opinion. The bathroom
  is also thick with an old and classic atmosphere. Cold water is quite refreshing
  after a day of untouched water.

  That night I stayed at the Semiramis hotel, located right on the shore, facing directly
  on the Mediterranean sea. A classic old hotel, the cold atmosphere of Alexandria
  makes you feel fast, get ready for tomorrow''s trip.


  The second day in Alexandria, we immediately packed into pyramid. The bus slides
  slowly and creeps. From our inn to Giza, the largest pyramid place exists. This
  time besides the streets which are full of dust, people''s houses without wall paint
  also attract attention. The Egyptians never renewed their house paint, so the house
  was left dull and once painted on the wall at the beginning of the building, some
  even had no wall paint at all. Of course this is different from the colorful and
  vibrant houses in Indonesia. Flat apartments look flat along the road, and almost
  no red lights throughout our trip. Later I found out, if in Egypt there were almost
  no red lights, so if you visit this country you must be extra careful.

  Right at 9am we arrived at Piramyd. The towering stone structure reminded me of
  Paulo Chelho''s novel entitled Alchemist. Maybe there is treasure hidden inside
  the pyramid, or there is treasure around there, I thought silly. But of course that
  is not possible. At first I wanted to enter the pyramid, only after hearing the
  200EA ticket, I discouraged, especially after hearing from the guide who said that
  nothing in Pyramid. So I think 200EA should be used for other things, so that it
  is more efficient ^^. So I decided to take a photo in front of the pyramid and enjoy
  the atmosphere of the camel village which is not far from the pyramid location.
  To ride a camel must pay 75EA.


  This is my first trip abroad. I am usually very stingy with expenses, because my
  finances are not stable with a small and uncertain salary. But when I made this
  first trip, it was as if there was an interesting opium to go back to tracing the
  other hemisphere.'
