Title: All Too Natural
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/all-too-natural
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Brisbania Bhakti
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: '"Kaka, mari tong pigi!"


  These words were the words to lead me anywhere from Babatin to around Bacan Island.
  Far in the east side of Indonesia, there are a very beautiful place which becoming
  one of 99 islands of Bacan Islands. It is located in South Halmahera regency, North
  Maluku Province, in my country, Indonesia. It has been known as "Pulau Babatin."
  Pulau means island.


  Get back to the words that led me to travel a small island of Maluku for about 5
  days. Those words are actually not my daily language, which better known as Bahasa,
  but somehow from the first I heard it, it seemed like that I know the meaning, though
  there are about 700 local languages in my country.


  Didn''t know why but I directly said "yes!" in Indonesian language to a kid who
  asked me at the very first time I woke up there. It is the local language of Maluku.
  I know only the word "mari" which means "let''s", and I was guessing to know "kaka"
  which similar to Bahasa which pronounced "kakak", it means elder brother or sister.
  I was right she said. So I then asked, "what''s the rest?" Then she explained me
  that "tong" means "we or us" and "pigi" simply means "go".


  To get there, I need to take a plan from Jakarta to Ternate, a capital city. Then
  continues by ship to Bacan for about 8 hours. After that, whether you want to choose
  to go to Babatin by a small boat or by a land vehicle, it''s gonna take about an
  hour, but through water is faster.


  The reality wasn''t as smooth as what I imagined and noted on my small notebook.


  It was 6 am when I arrived in Ternate. There was only some motorbikes. To go to
  the port, we need at least a public transportation like bus or car, because it''s
  quite far and gonna be so expensive, even if I have a good skill in bargaining with
  the motorbike''s driver. So I decided to go to the central part of the city then
  waiting for "angkot", a car type of public transportation.


  There I found out that the ship are only available at every 8 pm through asking
  to the local people. They speak the national language, only with the different dialect.
  I searched the places to visit by walking, and there''s none.


  I''ve waited for more than two hours till I got an angkot to go to Sulamadaha Beach
  and Tolire Lake. I didn''t expect that it''s located in a hill that quite far, so
  before I arrived to Sulamadaha, I asked the driver, whether this angkot will pass
  Tolire and port or not. Since it was only me and an old woman who seemed on her
  way to the traditional market, he said to me that I could spent some time in Sulamadaha
  while he is taking the woman to the market, and while she finished, he''ll pick
  me up to go to Tolire because this woman has a small shop there.


  I was so elated. How lucky I am!


  Those two places are so incredibly marvelous. In Tolire, the old lady told me about
  the history about the legend of getting our wish to be true if we succeed to throw
  the small rocks into the lake from above. She even cooked me a local dish and gave
  me for free.


  The next thing is I faced the same problem, didn''t get the vehicle to the port.
  However, there was a local youth who kindly offering me a ride. This is quite scary
  indeed to trust the stranger but since I had no choice, so I agreed. When you think
  it''s fine, then it''s gonna be fine.


  Bacan is a place with no communication signals. I need to go the middle of the sea
  to get it. The first "Mari tong pigi!" that I heard was the answer from the local
  people there to take me to the place where I could communicate with others through
  my phone, but I found that the real communication is the nicest thing that you ever
  could do when you travel to the unknown places.'
