Title: An Audience with Aragog
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-audience-with-aragog
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sunny Williams
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Imagine yourself deep underground, in a pitch black cave, the only light shines
  from the helmet on your head, as you wade waist-deep through pressing waters. You've
  been at this for five hours, after having voluntarily abseiled 800 feet deep into
  this cave. Your wet suit is tight against the swelling where you've struck your
  knee on a rock. You've only just survived crawling under a huge boulder, your stomach
  scraping against the ground and your back scraping against the boulder as you pulled
  yourself along with your hands. It's a good thing you aren't claustrophobic. Earlier,
  you climbed across what your guide deemed the "devil's cauldron" - a violent vortex
  of water swirling menacingly below you as you struggled for foot holds to pass across
  it. You've never felt more cool, honestly, but you recall fondly the rolling green
  pastures of Matamata, where you breathed deeply only just yesterday, strolling meditatively
  amongst Hobbit holes and devouring a warm and satisfying second breakfast of succulent
  sausages and golden eggs. Today, you've only eaten a dry sandwich and a protein
  bar, and the air isn't exactly fresh. The colors of the houses and their little
  doors, and the abundant flowers, had delighted your eyes and soothed your soul,
  less than 24 hours ago. Here, in the cave, everything is grey. Save, perhaps, for
  the large black spider on which your helmet lamp has just fixated. You've been told
  repeatedly that New Zealand is the safer country to explore. Let's be honest; you
  wouldn't be doing this if you were in Australia. But there is nothing poisonous
  in New Zealand, right? You may not be claustrophobic, but there are other debilitating
  neuroses. Your arachnophobia sends shudders through your achingly tense body, laced
  tightly in the wetsuit's shark-like flesh. The spider is so large that even the
  guides have stopped to showcase it, reciting some facts about it and what it's called.
  Their words sound as thundering in your head as the echoing water rushing through
  the cave. You think of the beast that tries to eat Frodo. Aragog? No, that's Harry
  Potter. The one from Lord of the Rings is called Shelob, but you don't recall this
  just now, in your moment of terror. Just as you passed beneath the boulder and across
  the devil's cauldron, so must you cross past this black beast. You have been a brave
  adventurer up until now. You must forge ahead, as you've been reminded - the only
  way out is through. You can't live underground here forever with this creature.
  And so, uttering your respects to Aragog (or whoever), you clench your teeth and
  splash forward against the raging waters, past the beast who hasn't really moved
  at all, and yet, you fear will choose you as its prey. It does not, much to your
  relief, and you make it safely into the next cavern, feeling as if your mind had
  deserted your body in an effort of survival. Consciousness returns on the other
  side, and you feel somehow less arachnophobic, and definitely even cooler than you'd
  felt earlier. You've conquered many obstacles in this cave, and honestly, you don't
  participate in much physical activity at all, usually. Yet, today, you have fought
  eight hours through an underwater cave on the other side of the earth. It's all
  worth it when you reach a large shelf, and your group ascends to lie side by side
  on the rock. Your guide counts down for the moment when you will extinguish your
  headlamps. 3-2-1... fireworks! The cave should be drowned in darkness, but instead,
  billions of little lights sparkle all around you, twinkling against all that is
  bad in the world. The glowworms are easier to access than this. You don't have to
  trek through a cave. But it's that much better when you do. You lie there, truly
  feeling and appreciating your strong and capable body, adoring your sense of sight,
  the same sense that braved the Aragog beast only moments earlier. You now know that
  there is no better place to experience the magnificence of life than New Zealand,
  the land of adventure, of courage. And you've learned from your travels that you
  are a courageous warrior.
