Title: An abroad experience that it is the big change of my life
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-abroad-experience-that-it-is-the-big-change-of-my-life
SetInCountry: Finland
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Maria Eva Zurbakis
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'In May 2008 I started my first life experience abroad alone. With the bachelordegree
  just achieved, the departure is marked by feelings of excitement, happiness and
  enthusiasm: my trip is becoming real thank to the Erasmus Scholarship. Finland is
  the destination, I am going to live in the city of Tampere, the second largest city
  in Finland. I''m happy, but at the same time worried: I''ve never lived alone abroad,
  I''m shy and insecure and I can not imagine myself in a new environment. And moreover
  I have inside me a huge pain, an interior sickness that I had never known, anxiety
  and panic for the death of a person too important for me: this lack makes me lost.
  I feel the emptiness, inside and outside of me; I feel "interrupted", broken, confused
  ... unable to resume living normally as before, annoyed, in reality by the "violent"
  flow of life as if nothing had happened. But I knew I had to go, because the scholarship
  to leave in Erasmus I had won a few months before the tragic loss and I already
  payed, in Finland, an accommodation that I had been paying for months waiting for
  me. Finally, I decided to go ... and I find myself in Finland: I find myself different,
  strong and confident, open and easy-goint to meet new people, that I can finally
  meet, to make my own ... I am finally the person I wanted to be since years.

  Erasmus is an incredible experience because it gives you thousand perspectives on
  the world, on life: your "little" mind begins to open up, to populate with experiences,
  places, people and new experiences that make you a new person.

  It''s not just the thousand parties that make you feel enthusiastic, the thousand
  daily commitments, the thousand people you know every day, the lessons at the university,
  the meetings with foreign teachers, trips and trips out of town: it''s the news.
  And together with the novelty, the new perspective, and with the new perspective,
  a "your" new behaviour that comes out, and together with "your" new behaviour, new
  passions, new ideas, new enthusiasm gained thank the meeting with people who come
  from all over the world world and bring their world in the context in which they
  live for 6 months, at most a year. And the meeting with these people is special
  because it enriches you like no other experience, it gives you new life, it gives
  you the desire to discover, to act, to live.

  And here is magically my "new" person come out: I find I can speak English, I can
  understand people talking in English, I find out I can go out in the evening party
  or dinner with people met only once in my life, or that I met at the party of goodbye
  of a Mexican boy, I discover the stolen kisses during a party or disco, I discover
  the pleasure of a look of understanding between people, I discover the pleasure
  of being in the company of people from different places and I also discover that
  pleasure of being with the Italians abroad who at that moment feels like being your
  brothers, I discover Finland, the country that has hosted me for 4 great months,
  I discover the beauty of those landscapes so cold ... but at that moment for me
  so "warm"; I discover the sauna and the "jump" in the frozen lake, I discover the
  "mintu" and the "fissu" (typical alcoholic finnish drinks), I discover the way to
  say hello in Finnish: MOIKKA and MORIENSTA ... and then MOI MOI FINLAND (Hello hello
  Finland). It''s time to come back in Italy.

  In September 2008 I returned to Rome, having inside me all the discoveries of experience
  in Finland.

  Travellling for me is a permanent discover as I explained in these lines; my journey
  is continuing in the place where I live, in Rome, because the rest of the capital
  of Italy is well connected with the rest of the world but also because I believe
  that in the place where you live if you have the desire for discovery ...new experiences
  can be explored.'
