Title: An excerpt from a six week trip to Shellman Bluff, Georgia
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-excerpt-from-a-six-week-trip-to-shellman-bluff-georgia
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mary Clark
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Next time you find yourself down south underneath the live oak trees don''t
  go touching the moss - it''s filled with "red bugs" and they will eat you up alive!
  This is what I have been told and I''m just going to flat out believe it. I only
  have a little over a week left of my journey. How did it go so fast? I''ve been
  to so many places and I''ve seen so many things since I''ve arrived. I will certainly
  miss this place. I was up at the Boat Shed the other night and Greg, the owner,
  asked me how I was enjoying my stay - I replied "I''m having a good time, this is
  a wonderful little spot in the world." It made him smile hearing that "an outsider"
  liked it here in this out of the way place. I really like his wife, Becky and go
  up to the Shed to visit with her. She''s about my age and just a nice person. She''s
  a school teacher by day and a bar fly by night! Not really, Greg bought the bar
  about five years ago and she said if she wants to see her husband she has to come
  here to do it. She said it was a hard transition. They have three kids who are grown
  and gone and this is something Greg decided to do so they moved to Shellman Bluff
  and bought the Boat Shed. She''s a far better women than I. I also like the bartender,
  Brenda - now she is a hardworking women. She paints houses during the day and tends
  bar two nights week. She said that painting has been slow and she needed to pick
  up some extra cash so she started tending bar about a month ago. The painting business
  is picking back up and now she''s finding herself working days and nights. Amazing.


  Last night on the news it was all about a KKK event somewhere here in Georgia -
  they are protesting three things - Illegal immigration - specifically Latinos, the
  deficit and prayer in school. I myself found it to be a sad representation of the
  south. I was happy that it was a peaceful demonstration but it bothered me that
  something with so many bad memories and feelings would still be around today. And
  people bitch about the liberals! Enough of the politics - just wanted to give you
  a taste of Southern Georgia news.


  I have spent over a month basically living in one room. A clothes basket full of
  clothes - four pair of shoes (ok five but i never got to wear one of the pairs!).
  Basic make up, a few hair products, some books, my computer and my knitting and
  guess what??? I love it! There is no housework to do because - no house. I have
  found that people are the same wherever you go. Most people want enough money not
  to have to worry about it, laughter, love and a cocktail or two along the way. People
  in the south are very friendly. Be it a big city or small town everyone says "hello"
  and "yes mam" and "no sir". The rest of states could learn something from that...


  Now that the weather has warmed up and the sun is shining I get to sit on the dock
  everyday and watch the tide come in or go out. I see dolphins jumping and once in
  a while an otter. Fish are nipping at the top of the water all the time. It''s peaceful
  and brings with it a feeling of calm and joy. Whether alone or with someone it''s
  a nice place to be. I think I will come back next winter.'
