Title: An immersion into the medieval age
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-immersion-into-the-medieval-age
SetInCountry: Czech Republic
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Eduardo Henrique De Borba
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'My travel story is in Prague, or Praha as it is best known by the locals, capital
  of the Czech Republic, there are a large number of libraries and theaters. Among
  its museums stands out the National Museum, from 1818, an incredible place that
  I had the pleasure to meet! In addition, a precious collection of King Rudolph II
  is conserved in the Art Gallery of Prague Castle, and I was very impressed to see.

  The Czech capital has one of the most beautiful and preserved architectural heritage
  in Europe, and through the walks I did through it it was possible to see it all
  the time, I felt inside a medieval film, it was incredible. The retained patrimony
  is mainly due to the fact that Prague suffered relatively little damage during the
  two world wars. Monuments, churches, narrow streets and historic buildings contrast
  with the city''s modern buildings, such as Dancing House, an estate with surprising
  architecture.

  One of the most important buildings is the castle on the hill Hradcany, founded
  in the 17th century, which currently serves as the presidential residence and where
  it was once inhabited by the kings of Bohemia, and for which I took beautiful pictures.

  Numerous monuments integrate the urban landscape of the capital, composed of beautiful
  alleys of irregular layout that contrast with the new residential neighborhoods,
  of modern architecture. The historical parts of the city are preserved as national
  monuments, and this makes me happy because taking care of the culture is very important
  because it tells the story of the people. Next to the castle, stands the great Gothic
  cathedral of S. Vito, from the 14th century and the Belvedere in Renaissance style,
  incredible places that I visited! Prague is a beautiful place full of legends, mysterious
  tales and magic. Walking around the city and feeling this mood is a delight. You
  teleport to another age. What struck me most was the air of mystery that occupies
  the city. With medieval and Gothic buildings, narrow, dark, dimly lit streets, Prague
  takes on a sombre air worthy of a thriller. Especially in winter, when it gets dark
  early, at 4pm there''s already a pitch!

  There is the possibility of staying in boat hotels, which are docked on the river
  bank, in very central areas of the city. I went through this experience, and although
  the room was small, it was a boat after all, it was worth it because of the wonderful
  view on both sides of the Vlatva river, including the whole region up there at the
  top of Prague Castle, which we could see through our window in the sunlight or at
  dusk, very bright!

  Anyway, this city is in my heart, I loved it and I plan to return soon.'
