Title: An unknown path
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-unknown-path
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Saikat Kundu
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Finally, i landed in Leh. The chilling crisp air of the early morning made me
  realise the low temparature of the region. It was 4 degree.  After finishing the
  required airport task, we left for our homestay. The early morning city surrounded
  by rocky mountains looks quiet, peaceful and serene. Small heaps of fire here and
  there surrounded by  group of people, enjoying the warmness. Few transport moving
  around, else the city seems to be still on a sleepy mode. Our temporary accomodation
  for few days was a small but cute cottage,  but well decorated and a garden all
  around. The landlord with his wife welcomed us and took us to our rooms. After some
  rest,  we left to see the beautiful city and places near by. The sun was at its
  peak, and the city looked vibrant and picturesque. We rented a cab which is the
  most economic to look around the famous Shanti stupa. The beautiful stupa at the
  top of the city representing the peace taught by Buddha. Thiksay monestry, a wonderful
  architecture situated few kilometers away from the city.Leh palace, presently a
  museun which reflects the royal history of Ladakh. A place to learn knowledge. The
  next morning started with a fresh salt tea, a speciality of the region to keep them
  warm and active. Our jeep ran through the city and mountains to our next destination
  Lamayuru, which is 117km from Leh. The picturesque roads with rocky mountains all
  around and the fresh cold air, makes the drive an unforgettable experience. It took
  us around 2.5 hrs to reach Lamayuru. The trekking starts once the car was parked
  in the small village. The village looked small with cottages made of rocks and the
  roof with leaves. Some local people were busy having their tea in local shops. The
  place was colder than Leh. The Lamayuru monestry at the top of the city looks like
  overlooking the entire city. We continued trekking and reached after 20 min. The
  first  thing that amazed us was the view from the monestry. The beauty of  region
  and mountains covered with snow are something to frame in the heart. We did not
  find any people or visitors except couple of monks. It was quiet, beautiful tibetian
  style architecture. The walls are made of rocks with giant wooden doors, painted
  in white. While return from the monstry, we met Kathuk, a local resident, who invited
  us to their home. It was a small room with divans in oneside and kitchen on the
  other. In between there was a big fire place cum cooker. A giant bowl filled with
  water is constantly boiling. Kathuk told, in winterthey keep the bowl with throughout
  the day on fire, else the water gets freeze. They use for drinking and for daily
  activities. In winter, as the field gets covered with snows, the local farmers or
  sheperds leaves this place and moves to cities for work. Once the snow melts, they
  returns and starts farming. Few likes to stay back and spend time doing wooden work
  or household activity. After his wonderful hospitality with home made food and tea,
  we asked for the leave and started our journey towards Leh. On the way, we got a
  glimpse of the famous mystical mountain "The magnetic hill". It is said any transport
  vehicle, kept nearby the hill gets attracted towards the hill due to the presence
  of excessive magnetic minerals in the mountain. The reached Leh in the evening,
  and the city looked alive with lights all around. The famous Leh market got alive.
  This is the maib market of the city with shops, restaurants, travel agencies etc.
  One can various tibetian products in the market. We moved around the city after
  having local momos ( chicken stuffed steam dumplings) and thukpas( noodle soup with
  vegetables and chicken). Slowly, the darkness got darker and city started to shut
  off its stores. The temperature got down and it was alarm for us to return to our
  base with memories of rocky mountains, Lamayuru monestries, smiles of the people
  and Kathuk, with his family. A memories to cherish. Good night.
