Title: An Unexpected Solo Travel
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-unexpected-solo-travel
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Asvin  Ganesan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Germany! where my girl was! Me and my girl being a travel freak planned for
  Europe trip in August 2018. I had to travel from India to Germany to meet her, set
  our self off for the trip of our life. I was supposed to propose her for marriage
  in Paris. Unfortunately I was not able to travel in august due to work commitment.
  This broke her trust and she wanted to move away. I travelled to Germany on 10th
  November 2018 to convince her . She refused to get back! my relationship and my
  couple trip was cancelled. I was left all alone and completely broken in Germany.
  A unknown place, unknown language .I decide to go on solo trip and that was the
  leap into Unknown!


  Being from India i knew very little about Europe. I had a choice to either return
  immediately back home or to set myself for a trip. I decide to challenge the heart
  break i had with the travel bug inside me. My first stop was nearby city Leipzig.
  I spend the day walking around the street enjoying the streets and the people around.
  I visited the monument to the battle of nations and the St Thomas church. The next
  day was in the Zoo Leipzig. The day went on with pain in one side the excitement
  of the new place which was healing me on the other side. The historic city with
  the beautiful building all around was just a bliss.It was time for the next stop
  Dresden by bus. Germany has a unique style of architecture which reflected in each
  of the cities and Dresden was no less to wonder! The beautiful streets and the preparation
  for Christmas market which was going on were all new and exciting for me. I visited
  the Magnificent Dresden castle, Zwinger , Moritzburg castle ,semperoper Dresden  and
  other places around my stay. The street food near HBF was awesome and i has my hand
  on few. I had puzzle of where to go next - next city or next country?


  Prague! was the answer. The capital city of Czech Republic. The month of November
  was just freezing for a person like me from India. From 34 degree to 2 degree Celsius.
  I made my stay in a dorm with 5 sharing. The next day i had my breakfast with Beer
  (did you know people of Czech are the highest beer drinkers in the world !) .Next
  i joined a free walking tour which was available in the hotel. The tour guide took
  us all around the city through walk and explained the history behind each building,
  food and even streets. The place around the astronomical clock was filled with people
  and entertainment. I meet travelers from around the world and had a chance to share
  everyone''s experience of travel. Beer beer and beer that''s how much beer you get
  to have in lower price. Street food was just awesome...hot Wine, hot chocolate and
  lots.The Charles bridge was a happening place with beautiful view of the city. Becherovka
  which is the traditional drink of Czech is a must have. After the walking tour around
  the city, i bid bye to the group and left alone for more exploration. I took a tram
  to the Prague castle which was up the hill. This is the biggest ancient castle in
  the world and it just left me mesmerized. I walked around the castle and had a full
  view of the city from the view point in the castle. Next i moved to the Petrin tower
  which was a miniature of Eiffel tower. when i returned it was dark and there were
  no people around me. I walked down the hill with fear filled all over-just frozen
  in the temperature. I spent one more day in Prague.


  Then i moved from there to Amsterdam! The place of positive vibes! Had good times
  there and moved to Berlin my last spot. I roamed around the streets and visited
  all historic places. Though Paris was close to me i never visited Paris with the
  hopes that my girl will return back to me and we will visit Paris together. My Next
  travel story-The Paris Love-Hope!'
