Title: 'An unforgettable farewell from Singapore '
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-unforgettable-farewell-from-singapore
SetInCountry: Singapore
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Sakshi Srivastava
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'It was the second last day of my 5 week trip to Singapore and I did not want
  to leave. I spent the night getting my luggage ready. Later, I stayed up, looking
  out of the window, feeling the cool breeze, recalling how I was during the initial
  days here. For someone who has never been away from her family, it was a big deal
  to spend so long away, and that too in a foreign land! More than scared, I was excited.
  But that excitement did not last long. Once, when I was on my way to the East Coast
  Park beach for the first time ever, I came across an old local man who seemingly
  was kind. He gave me a warm smile and I smiled back at him, unaware of what was
  going to happen next. He started requesting me for money. However, as much as I
  wanted to help him, I could not do so because well, I had to spend my next few weeks
  in the world''s most expensive country and I was on a tight student budget. Very
  gently, I tried to make him understand my helplessness and I began apologizing to
  him, but, within seconds, his initial warm and gentle face changed into a cold,
  impolite and criticizing one. He started yelling at me in his local language, and
  I could make it out that he is cursing me. Being a helpful person by nature, I started
  to feel guilty and with pieces of my broken excitement for the beach, I headed back
  to my room.

  Recalling this encounter suddenly made me want to visit the East Coast Park for
  one last time before I head back to India. It was early 4''o''clock in the morning
  and I was still up. Instead of finally going to bed, I took a shower, made myself
  a good cup of coffee. With just 25 Singapore Dollars remaining, I caught the first
  bus to East Coast Park knowing the fact that I had to spend my entire day in just
  25 Dollars and reach the airport for my flight back to Delhi, India. I always wanted
  to see a beach-sunrise and at around 6 in the morning, with a little tiredness in
  my eyes, I experienced the beautiful hues of dawn turning into a bright sunny morning.
  With not another soul in sight, the entire beach felt like mine. I ran freely on
  the beach, feeling the soft sand tingle the soles of my feet, with waves every once
  in a while sweeping away the sand from under me. I sat there in silence for a long
  time, taking in the fresh air, giving in to the tranquility. I was happy. I knew
  that I am not the same person as I was before I came to this magical country. After
  biding a farewell to the beach, on my way to the bus stop, I met an old lady and
  her caretaker. They were on their way back home which was near my bus stop. On our
  way, she asked me about my nationality and if I liked Singapore, I told her that
  I am in love with this place and she, in return, told me about her desire to always
  wanting to visit the cold desert Ladakh in India. As we were about to reach my bus
  stop, we saw two notes of 20 Singapore Dollars each lying on the ground. With a
  smile on her face, the kind lady picked up the notes and gave them to me. Not knowing
  how to react, with awkwardness on my face, I accepted the notes and gave one of
  them to the caretaker. The lady blessed me with good luck and love, then we went
  our separate ways. I boarded the bus, thinking about how the first week of my stay
  started with an old cranky man and how the last day ended with the blessings of
  a beautiful, polite old woman; how at the beginning of my day, I was short on money
  and how by the end of it, I had sufficient money with me. Funny how things eventually
  do work out in a mysterious way!'
