Title: ' &quot;An Unplanned Trip to Ajmer and Pushkar:Year-2018&quot; '
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-unplanned-trip-to-ajmer-and-pushkar-year-2018
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Monalisa  Lenka
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I was quite reserved on those days about my life and daily activities. So as  with
  my friend circle, but sometimes my extrovert nature came out without any invitation
  in case of travel Plans. I had taken a risk in 2018 by leaving my job of Lecturer
  in a college to pursue higher studies and by the grace of almighty was able to click
  the written exam of a popular University of India, but certain experiences entered
  in my brain after being unable to crack the viva(interview). Pressure was on a high
  on me from every sphere, Relatives,Family members,Friends,Well wishers,My expectations
  and the list would go on.Circumstances were making me mad like where I was unable
  to decide what to do next and how to control my negative vibes.Thus,I was searching
  for relaxation for a while, where I can rebuilt myself, decide my life goals from
  my own standards without any outer pressure. Being a self independent individual,it
  was not so easy to decide for a travel having a little money in savings.But God
  was quite kind to me and helped me in the middle of despair by sending two friends
  of mine: Muktika Das and Rinki Bagri with a sudden trip to the State of Rajasthan:
  The State of Royals. My plan to Mumbai at that time suddenly got a U turn with these
  two lovely ladies. A day before the journey,I booked the return tickets for all
  of us from Ajmer to New Delhi and got a seat confirmed in Rajdhani Express from
  New Delhi to Ajmeri Junction.Both Muktika and Rinki had already booked from Anand
  Vihar Terminal Railway Station,Delhi.So, the day finally came. It was really interesting,
  because in each moment, surprises were there to hold on with a number of unforgettable
  memories.On 6th April,2018 evening, when all of us had to leave Delhi from our own
  railway stations, it was raining really cats and dogs like to  dismiss the whole
  plan at all. Despite the heavy rain and thunderstorm, we all decided to leave home
  as soon as possible in an intention of avoiding failure of schedule.So, the moment
  came, when we all won against the weather and started our Trip to Ajmer. I reached
  at the Station in midnight and was waiting for the two companions of mine in Ajmer
  Railway Station. The Station was silent  letting  a small number of passengers left
  in different platforms waiting for their trains.I was watching the silence of the
  night and the platform at about 12:45 am in the waiting hall. For the first time,
  Travel make me so strong to went on alone to a new area in middle of the night.Afterwards,
  both Muktika and Rinky reached and we booked a room in a nearby hotel to get fresh
  and started the day as decided before by Trivago.in. Without  taking rest, got ready
  before 4am and visited the holy place of  "Ajmer Sharif Dargha" which was popular
  due to a Sufi saint. After returning from, again went to  "Pushkar:The Magical City".
  Having a divine experience in the Brahma Temple, we threesome went for the famous
  ghats to pray for the betterment of our forefathers who had died already. It''s
  a ritual of the Hindus in India.These Ghats are very popular and  divine like just
  as the ghats of Varanasi,India.Then, by returning to the hotel on 7th(April,2018)
  evening,we went to our destinations to return Delhi and  to start the daily routine
  life again as the  people of the whole universe do; to fulfill certain wishes of
  life before death.With this 24 hour Trip, I was able to get back my energy and happiness
  to do something extraordinary and finally did.I got enough energy and positive vibes
  from this journey which was beyond my expectations.I regenerated myself, found my
  happiness,got new friends, explored peace, corrected some emotions,saw the lifestyle
  of people of two new places, got amazing experiences and found me. So,I decided
  to have this kind of unplanned, unexpected TRAVEL EXPERIENCES  throughout my life
  from that day.I have to visit mostly all places of my Country and of course  of
  my loving Universe "BEFORE I SLEEP....BEFORE I SLEEP". Thanking You......'
