Title: An unforgettable trip
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-unforgettable-trip
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Lauane Tifany Menezes
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'It was 6 in the morning, and my alarm clock rang, but that day did not wake
  me up, I was already wide awake and long ago, very willing to get up, just had not
  done it yet, because it was too early. But the anxiety was a lot of it reminded
  me of the kids when they go somewhere and do not even sleep, the same thing happened
  to me. It''s that I was going to travel that day, I was going to make that dream
  trip that a long time ago, my family and I were planning to do. After taking my
  bath, I put on the clothes I had bought for the big day, and there we went with
  a group of friends who were waiting for us, anxious as we were, to go to our destination,
  which was still a little far . But when we got on the bus, the party started right
  there, with the hugs and reencounters of friends we had not seen for a long time.
  Then it was a party all the way.


  After 6 hours of traveling including some stops made on the way to be able to relax
  finally we arrived in Aparecida do Norte- SP. We left all the luggage (that until
  now I did not understand because we took so many things) in the own bus and went
  to take a turn. We stopped at a diner nearby to grab a bite to eat and headed to
  the church that was already full by sign.


  At the end of the Mass as part of the itinerary of the trip we went to the catwalk
  where we saw several people paying their promises which is something very beautiful
  and admirable to see giving more contact with religion. We went to the fair where
  we spent almost the whole morning there, we bought several objects and souvenirs
  not only for us but also for the relatives who can not be present at the moment.
  Early in the afternoon we returned to the church, had lunch and strolled in the
  shopping malls until it was time to leave. When the time came it was very fast after
  all. We boarded and came back, mostly asleep. Well, I will never forget the good
  times I spent there, especially with my family and friends. We came back very sad
  and when we arrived in our city, we told all the news to those who could not go
  and now I am telling you what you are reading.'
