Title: An unexpected friend
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/an-unexpected-friend
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Jem Farbus
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'It began with a job interview in a small part of Londons East, well almost
  out of London really. A picturesque little place, with the most excellent pastries.

  I woke in the early hours to travel on Londons hectic, but wonderful public transport
  system. The stench of a crowd and the hectic way of the city soon gave way to a
  lovely overground train, that took me to my destination. After walking in circles
  for the better part of an hour, I made it to my interview and smashed it. Lucky
  I left two hours early really and brought my lucky toy platypus. Sweaty and exhilarated,
  I left my job interview in this little place to explore the town. Whistling on my
  way, I saw a hint of green. Jackpot! A park! I started walking along a path to the
  park and I saw an elderly man in front of me. Oh he was walking so slowly. Rather
  than give in to my youthful impatience I decided to be kind. I said hello to the
  man and asked about his day. We got chatting and learnt a bit about each other.
  Recognising a silly Aussie tourist he kindly became my guide. Showing great English
  hospitality, he led me to a beautiful old Abbey. Well the ruins of a beautiful old
  Abbey and the stunning park surrounding it. He showed me vibrant green grasses overgrowing
  on beautiful old structures. He told me what he knew about it and its place in his
  village. He showed me amazing sculptures, that were carved with incredible skill.
  Then he further spoiled me by buying me a cup of tea! The kindness of the man had
  no bounds. Greeting all those we saw,  I saw his network for what it is, a community.
  After having a good yarn he sent me on my way to explore the magical woods that
  surrounded the park. In these woods I found stunning blue bells, an active little
  squirrel and the wonders of nature. However to this day I recall the beauty of the
  human spirit and the kindness of the people in this little place. With no plans
  or expectations I found myself gaining insight into the culture and wealth of people,
  in a home very different to my own. I feel richer having travelled there and met
  this kind old man. An unexpected friend in a new and exciting place.'
