Title: Anand
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/anand
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Saurabh Choubisa
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was a rainy season. There's a friend of mine who had an exam in the nearby
  City we're living. those were the days I was in depression, let's say mentally unstable
  for some unknown reasons. He offered me to travel with him assured that we'd be
  back at dusk. So it began we took train in the morning then we reached the station
  there . There were other aspirants so we managed a rikshaw and reached the exam
  center . During his exam , I stayed at the terrace of the building , there's a sudden
  slow rainfall I took amazing pictures of the scene. It was very green and calm City
  .Then I roamed at some shopping place . The exam had ended in the noon and we visited
  some gardens ,and yes it was an educational City ,there were so many colleges we
  passed though. Then we chilled out at a garden and talked about life and future
  . He was my senior he gave me so much to think, to learn, and to explore, explained
  many things that I asked him , about study , love , family, girls, cultures and  humored
  about so many things. Meanwhile the sun was setting down we decided to go to station
  and I suggested him we'd go walking . Somehow I managed him to agree it was so distant
  and we got tired but still walking. I think we almost completed main areas of the
  city , the residents, colleges, coachings , market, hostels, play grounds, bus stops
  , texi stands and of course the railway station. We visited an aquarium , a small
  zoo in the way of station. Finally we were late for the train so we picked a rikshaw
  and reached the station. In the mean time, the train was leaving so we rushed at
  the ticket counter grabbed tickets and ran into the train. We were so tired and
  just slept there for an hour and woke up when the train stopped for the crossing
  . We stepped out and took pictures and did crazy things . We talked to train driver
  , asked him about train thing , about his life , salery , family . At first he was
  looking stubborn but he was so generous to talk and offered us water . Then the
  train left for the final destination . After an hour we thought our city had come
  . We're awake and looking out of window the factories , huts , we crossed a bridge
  our a river . The train was almost empty . I hung at hand support , did some push
  ups and then I did a pole dance . It was so funny as well as crazy, but we enjoyed
  much . Then the next thing happened was again a stroke , we did something stupid
  . As the station has come , the train had slowed down and it was at low speed anyone
  could step in or step out if careful. And the thing was our residents were before
  the station. So we just jumped out thought we didn't need to go to station. And
  when we stepped out and walked for five minutes we realized that we're at wrong
  place,at least three-four kilometer away from the station at night in the middle
  of railway lines . There were no lights nearby we just had a direction. We both
  were quite afraid inside but we just kept our mouths open on the other other shits
  and I opened flashlight of my phone that was about to die  and we just kept moving
  forward and it happened be a forty five minutes of walk and then we're at the main
  road and then we reached at our residents. We just reached at room and fell on the
  bed , relaxed . When our lives came back to body, we took meal and slept.  It was
  wonderful journey for me coz I had too much of adventure and and it was kind of
  exploring new things. It was my first journey to Anand and it was very "anandmayi".
