Title: Angola Somos
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/angola-somos
SetInCountry: Angola
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Edson Agostinho
AuthorCountry: Angola
Text: 'Every traveller carries a secret story exploding to be told. Some sort of allegiance
  to Nature, to lust, to the open road. In my case, the road, my very own master.


  In my story lies the country of Angola, a misunderstood land of diamonds and oil,
  where landmarks and nature lay unscathed, waiting to be found, waiting to be felt,
  seen, waiting to overwhelm anyone trying to cross their path.


  I decided to cover a distance of 3000km down the Angolan coast, alone, as I had
  done with my previous road trip across SADC for many years before, looking for the
  most unsuspecting spots to film and compile into a video. As challenging as I was
  expecting it to be, nothing quite compared with the exposure I got as soon as I
  hit the road.


  The poorly maintained infrastructure did some damage on my car. I''ve always taken
  care of my cars before, so every new scratch or bump felt like it was ripping my
  heart away.


  It was 11 days of a nerve wrecking journey, a journey hard enough to puncture my
  radiator, bend my frame, almost wreck the car and lose my life. It was 11 days of
  intense new discoveries, of new friends made, of new horizons seen. It was when
  I realised I was an Angolan who did not know his own country. Some guy who felt
  more comfortable everywhere but home.


  In 11 days we managed to see and film about 3 different waterfalls, opposite landscapes
  from a sprawling metropolis to the desolate desert rock basin. We managed to shoot
  the most beautiful sides of both the nature and humans of this country planted in
  the middle of the richest continent in the world.


  11 days squeezed into a 3 minute video showing the beauty of the things most taken
  for granted for; some 3 minutes full of movement, dynamism, some 3 minutes that
  showed the world that Angola was not just a messy place, that Angola did not spell
  famine. That Angola was a place full of life, colour and magic, hardly waiting to
  be uncovered and proudly showed to the world. That Angola still had hope in the
  Generation of excellence, the generation that couldn''t care any less about status
  quo. A generation with enough strength to conquer hearts, move cities and spin in
  the dance of life.'
