Title: Annyeonghaseyo from Geosan
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/annyeonghaseyo-from-geosan
SetInCountry: Korea South
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Tiara Sakti Ramadhani
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Traveling is on the top of my favorite-things-to-do list in my life. Being
  able to travel from my home country will always be a special chance that I can never
  forget. Last year, I went to South Korea for a translation job, ah yea, I am an
  archer which also a translator only in the field of archery. Yes, this sport is
  the only reason I''ll be able to travel from one country to another for competitions
  or simply for doing a translation English-Indonesian in a training camp just like
  I did back in 2018.


  From what I heard about South Korea from my family and friends, Koreans tend to
  be individual and unfriendly but they are obeying the rules, the country itself
  being the safest when it comes to tourists. And yes, when I arrived in Seoul and
  live for a day there, I found that all of the stereotypes about them from my surroundings
  is totally right. They do everything by their own without minding other''s business,
  for some reasons, i think it''s a good idea. I rarely found they talk to strangers
  or even to Koreans they don''t know.


  But, everything changed since I stepped on the land of Geosan, a peaceful and also
  beautiful area in South Korea. A place of the master of archery in South Korea lives,
  Kim Hyung Tak. His training program truly made us work ourselves off to get what
  we need. Every dinner time, we have to walk about 3-4 kilometers to find a restaurant
  he reserved a few hours earlier.


  "You have to walk there, maybe around 4 kilometers to have your dinner at ''Misoya'',
  okay? I''m going home now" said Kim Hyung-Tak.


  Those words left my mouth open for a while. I was totally freaking out since their
  main language isn''t English. How can I supposed to ask the directions if  me and
  my team get lost?


  We finally walked together because there is no other choices...


  The first one kilometers, nothing happened, a few walks later, some young guys were
  cycling toward us. We scared to the point we can''t even look at them. As soon as
  they approached us, they said a word that familiar and melt my fear away, "Annyeonghaseyo".
  I looked up immediately and nod my head as a small gesture of bowing since it''s
  their culture when they greet the others.


  Another kilometers after that, we felt so fine just because everyone in that area
  greet us warmly and gave us the best smile they ever had. Even everyone at the restaurant
  were trying so hard to talk to us with a broken English just to make us feel welcomed.
  We had a best week with everyone in the restaurant and around the area. We talked
  about everything even with a language barrier, but just like an old saying, when
  something is meant to be, it will always find a way.


  They change the thought about Koreans in my mind that provided by my surroundings,
  a total differences except the ''not minding other''s business'' part. I promise
  myself not to make any other assumptions before I experience it by myself.


  A simple ''annyeonghaseyo'' can totally turns my fear into a pure happiness. Maybe
  this is why Kim Hyung-Tak made us walk that 4 kilometers distances, to create a
  connection between us and the locals.


  Geosan is so beautiful, when I say it''s beautiful, I mean it. Everything about
  Geosan, the people, the city lights, the buildings and the sunset! I really want
  to have a chance to visit Geosan over and over again, it was the best five days
  of my 22 years of life. Not only Geosan, I also would love to have the chance to
  visit any other country with their own beauty of culture.


  Lastly, it will always be my intention to create a deep local connection when I
  leap into unknown places to travel and find whatever I didn''t expect. Thank you.'
