Title: 'Aqua '
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/aqua
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Naaz  Khan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: So this was when I visited havelock Island in Andaman last year for my birthday
  although feels like forever ago! It was a 6 day trip. The best part? Well, this
  island seems as if right out of a travel magazine cover.  I planned to dive to my
  heart's content in Havelock and then hop around different islands in Andaman. It's
  only after I stayed there for few days I realized how irresistible everything about
  this island is. "Unlike me", I didn't hop around to any other Island but spent all
  my days at Havelock. We hired our bike & just drove ALL around the island stopping
  where ever we felt like. I got some pristine views straight from fairy tales. I
  could just not keep my eyes away from the myriad shades of blue. I would keep gazing
  through the clear waters, the sky, the meadows, the crystal sand. The highlight
  of the trip was SCUBA DIVING, one thing definitely got tick marked from my bucket
  list. I knew the diving was good around Havelock Island and so I headed there the
  very next morning. Though I'm a hydrophobic so doing this was a lil challenging
  for me but trust me when I did it, it felt as if it's kinda meditation to me. Such
  calmness inside the water which was really soothing. I had celebrated my Birthday
  diving the entire day and a dinner in the night with my new friends. It took us
  very less time to be friends and crack ceaseless jokes over extended dinners. They
  asked me a lot of questions about India and shared details about their country too.
  Once the sun sets, the entire island becomes lazy and laidback. I spent one of the
  most memorable evenings on a secluded beach, under the star-lit sky, with a bottle
  of red wine. Such special moments can only be captured by eyes. There is plenty
  more that I can write about Havelock islands. However, I think these reasons are
  good enough to tell you why you're in the danger of losing your heart when you visit
  Havelock Island. So be warned & be prepared and remember to pin this warning up.
