Title: Arabian nights
DateModified: '2019-02-22'
DatePublished: '2019-02-22'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/arabian-nights
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Alex Toumanoff
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: Hopping out of the plane at Sharjah international airport in scorching heat
  to begin working in the desert I knew immediately it was going to be a journey worth
  taking. Having received a mysterious offer from someone named Peter in Dubai while
  being in a state of high anxiety in central London - I leaped at the chance to test
  myself in the golden Emirates . When I saw a contract with th name of a sheikh attached
  to the signature page I knew it would be something special.  For once I had planned
  in advance and was prepared for the adventure . Being dropped off on the first day
  at the office for the briefing a bunch of to what toe seemed like desperados surrounded
  me pakistanis, Germans, Egyptians  South Africans , Filipinos and a token English
  guy / me . The first rule of a safari guide is knowing a little about a lot. Theh
  assured us all that this was the number one safari business in the middle East and
  they were well established in the industry . For us to become good guides we were
  whisked to every single tourist spot in. Dubai in record time. Za'beel palace, ski
  Dubai , self drive boat tour, the souk and  of course competitor desert safari with
  belly dancer and fire eating stage show. When we finally made it to the gate of
  the company's  private Desert reserve camp i could see it was something different
  than the rest . The DDCR is 225 sq km of land 50 mins from downtown Dubai with majestic
  sand dunes and a host of wildlife . The Arabian oryx with its curved antlers , sand
  fish a small lizard that skirts Cross sand dunes and then dives head first into
  them and many snakes and scorpions which left me a little tweaked. The camp itself
  consisted of two adjacent goat hair tents (authentically Bedouin) with a central
  plaza filled with cushions in emirato emboridery where both dinner and a performance
  by local musicians took place. The yolla and Ayala dances involve the celebratory
  dance of the bedu when they come back from their hunting . They spin and wave their
  guns in the air and do a nifty shoulder dance with the gun on their knees. The dynamic
  in the living quarters became interesting immediately when we discovered eachother
  s habits. I shared with Toby and Artur two Germans who were very macho and disciplined
  about their job  As we shadowed the older guides around the desert in the 1950s
  land rovers they stopped at points to show guests the fauna and flora a plant which
  apparently heals scorpion bites, one which they use as toothpaste . Every night
  dinner service consisted of an assortment of Arabic mezxe and local seafood. Being
  part of the operation and not being totally focuSed on the job I knew something
  was off . All the other guides began to drive guests before me and everyone got
  the hang of it faster than me. Due to having a father in Dubai I thought I would
  be safe when I got locked out of the company hotel and fled to the Arabian ranches
  residence where he lives. Unfortunately I was met with quite a brutal wlecpme and
  had to find another place to live ... I chose the Jumeirah beach residence by the
  sea and lively hostel . Here walking out one evening I encountered a very striking
  looking Asian lady outside pizza hut . She looked so good I sat down right next
  to her then and there and quickly figured out she was a call girl . This did not
  stop me and from there I ended up visiting her home in a mountain near Hanoi Vietnam..
  love stories can occur in the most unexpected ways. She came to see me so ma y times
  or more. Honestly I paid her but I became so hooked to her that when she invited
  me to come to Vietnam I went straight away after asking for help from my father
  to fly there . Every meal time iin virtnam nvolved drinking toasts of rice wine
  with the elderls of the family. From being unemployed in London to dubai  and Vietnam
  in 2 months
