Title: Are You Ready?
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/are-you-ready
SetInCountry: Laos
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Dianne Roncal
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: 'Lately, I ask "are you ready?" way too much. When I first had my solo trip
  to Hongkong for business, I wasn''t ready but I still did it. A few months after,
  I flew away with my bestfriend to Laos, I wasn''t ready but I did it. When I decided
  to celebrate my birthday alone in Bali, I wasn''t ready but I came home as an independent
  and a grown up person. When I decided to live in Vietnam, I wasn''t ready but I
  decided to stay there for over three months and spent the holidays with friends.
  When I moved to Chiang Mai, I wasn''t ready but I had the time of my life doing
  things I''ve never done before - Muay Thai, kayaking, rock climbing, chilling in
  temples/parks, learning how to drive a motorbike. When I left Chiang Mai for Laos,
  I wasn''t ready but here I am, partying with people I''ve met in the hostel, hitchhiking
  with strangers, swimming in deep lagoons, conquering mountains with unexploded bombs
  somewhere and watching the most beautiful sunset at the peak.


  It''s very easy to just say "I''m not gonna do this anymore, it''s too high. There''s
  just so much to do." It would have been easy to just give up and go back to the
  base and I would probably be happy seeing other people conquer what I wanted to
  conquer - but hey, i refuse to be satisfied with that. I have to reach the peak
  and witness the incredible view for myself. Like what a wise person once said: "Knowing
  is better than wondering; waking up is better than sleeping; and the worst possible
  mistake beats the hell out of never trying." I guess no one will ever be ready for
  anything. Never ever wait because the right time is now. Whether you want to explore
  the world or stay back home, whether you wanna be a farmer or a cashier or a chef,
  a traveller, a teacher - go ahead, live the life you have always imagined. But remember,
  never choose what''s right infront of you just because it''s comfortable. Learn
  to challenge yourself, never stay stuck.'
