Title: Aruba, a magical place!
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/aruba-a-magical-place-2
SetInCountry: Aruba
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Amorette Malherbe
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: I didn't expect to find Paradise in Aruba, one happy island and also the home
  of my happy place. Once you spent some time there you will never want to leave.
  Aruba is part of the Dutch Antilles and situated in the Southern Caribbean. I worked
  on cruise ships for 5 years and did three Caribbean Seasons of three months each.
  We docked in Oranjestad, the Capitol, once a week. There are many things to do,
  but really, Aruba is all about the beaches and the best one to go to is Palm Beach.
  You can get a taxi at the Cruise Pier. Ask the driver to take you to the Palm Pier
  at Palm Beach. It's about a 20 min drive and you will be dropped off at a pathway
  that leads to the beach. You walk for about 50 yards and then you reach paradise.
  The beach is about 2 miles long and there are many resorts lined up next to each
  other with bars, restaurants and swimming pools overlooking the beach and the ocean.
  Right in front of you will be the Palm Pier, an open air beach bar built on stilts
  in the water, with the best cocktails Aruba has to offer. Right next to the Palm
  Pier and also in other locations on the beach you will find one of the Fun Shacks
  selling a big variety of watersports. Pirate Ship Snorkeling, Hexagon Rides, Flyboy
  Rides, Parasailing and many more. There is fun available for the whole family. You
  can rent a beach chair and umbrella for a few dollars or a water mat and drift around
  in the beautiful turquoise waters. Have lunch at one of the many beach bars on the
  beach and just savour the moment and appreciate the beauty of the place. Go to Carlito's
  Sports Bar on the beach near the Playa Linda Resort and take a picture at the "I
  Love Aruba" sign. To make the best of your experience, take the Banana Bus back
  to town. It's colourful, windowless, the driver is always very entertaining, music
  is played and you can even sing along if you wish. If you still have time, you can
  shop for souviniers at the many stalls in town. It's a 5 minute walk back to the
  ship.
