Title: 'As 10 coisas mais familiares '
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/as-10-coisas-mais-familiares
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Silvia Regina Pedrotti
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Well, I have not yet traveled outside of Brazil, so I will report my experience
  of traveling through my own country.

  Last year, I took a cruise with my mother and sister along the Brazilian coast,
  it was an incredible experience, because I was traveling in my country but with
  direct contact with people from different places that work on the ship.

  Most people who work on cruise ships are people who seek adventure, work and travel
  the world. So the ship I was in was Italian and this is the official language too.
  But I met people from the Philippines, Mexico, Peru and others.Always very attentive,
  they tried to communicate with us the best way.

  When we arrived in places, I was impressed with the cultural diversity present in
  our country, whenever I could, I would establish contact with someone who was local
  and sought to understand a little more of history.

  When we returned to the ship, we were presented with the great diversity of activities,
  both physical and cultural, besides leisure of course.

  They were presented with great theatrical spectacles every night, and during the
  day we could hardly take advantage of everything there was.

  During the seven days I''ve been traveling, I learned a lot about different cultures,
  including my country.

  When I returned, I made a point of telling my friends and family everything I had
  experienced there. Emphasizing each unique moment.

  Traveling is always an adventure and learning, it is impossible to take a trip without
  learning even more about what you already know of some culture or place. In addition,
  to provide a great social development for the people who experience these moments,
  thus being able to contribute with other people who wish to know these places.'
