Title: Astonishing India
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/astonishing-india
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Gitika Masson
AuthorCountry: India
Text: INDIA. Incredible India.. from mountains to sea,from desert to beaches,I found
  everything here in India. The diversity and prosperity here attracted me a lot to
  choose this awesome country. It has total 29 states,all with different language,
  culture, climate and religions of the people who are part of this country. You'll
  find almost everything in this country, where almost more than 10 beautiful and
  adventurous places are. Every weather with it's own festival grace the country the
  most. Almost people from all over the world comes here to visit the Same. You can
  enjoy scuba diving in the beaches of Goa, Andaman Islands and lakshadweep islands.
  Paragliding at the mountains of Himalayas in bir billing and rohtang solang valley.
  You can do travel safari in the jungles of ranthambore sanctuary,gir forest and
  nandankanan sanctuary. You can enjoy white desert festival in the months of November-
  February at rann of Kutch,also sand desert at jaisalmer. Surrounded by many international
  borders is also a new add-on to the visit. With a varieties of festivals celebration
  throughout the year adds a different charm to the lives of India's citizens. From
  north to south and east to west, you'll find many variations in the cuisines at
  every short distance. The way they celebrate the festivals where it starts with
  worship of almighty,dances and songs, cuisines and dishes, everything happens in
  it's own form where all citizens take part. Either it's Holi or Diwali, I have only
  seen the variations of all these things in India only as far as among any other
  country. The  fashion industry also makes impact on the citizens which foreigners
  also copies. There are different religions and each religion with it's different
  followers. Each month contains a new festival. The crops and land are so damn varies,the
  care, respect and love of the citizens is beyond explanation. The snow,rain,hot
  and cold weather all can be felt here in India only.
