Title: At pace among the skyscrapers
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/at-pace-among-the-skyscrapers
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: roxana persa
AuthorCountry: Romania
Text: 'When I first heard about Dubai I thought straight away about the luxury we
  all saw online, the Arabic world the way I knew it from the media and at first sight
  my thoughts seemed to become reality. So I started visiting the city and because
  the weather allowed me to walk a lot and move around with the metro, (which i must
  say you need it in this area because the distances are quite long if you are not
  a driver) I managed to go to all these touristic places like Burj Khalifa, Miracle
  Garden which has an amazing exposition of flowers, Global Village and there are
  more to see. But walking around the fountain of Burj Khalifa, and feeling the chill
  wind on my cheeks, which I found it quite unusual for this area, I realized this
  place can''t be all only about luxury, and tourism. It had to have something common,
  something more like our countries, more trivial things but I didn''t seem to see
  all that. So I went away from the fountain and I found myself on some narrow streets
  surrounded by all these skyscrapers, with people cleaning luxurious cars and having
  small shops of Indian tea called karak, Indian restaurants, Lebanese restaurants,
  all of them being quite small, affordable and very typical for neighborhoods usually
  because they were very simple and welcoming. I asked one of them, his name is Rijesh
  about the life in Dubai he got used to. I found out that most of the people working
  here leave in the emirate close to Dubai because the rents are cheaper and is easy
  for them to commute or other people get company accommodation in which they have
  to share a room with other people but is convenient because they don''t pay rent
  and they are close to work so they can save. As a cleaner his salary goes around
  800 AED which is approximately 217 USD, but from all these money he sent most of
  them at home as he needs to support his family in Bangladesh. He has holiday after
  2 years, time in which he will be able to see his daughter a newborn baby which
  he sees only in picture sent by his wife on a small screen of his phone which was
  his first investment to keep in touch with them. Life in Dubai is quite expensive
  but this guy he eats and supports his family with his 200 dollars per month when
  most of the people here get maybe ten times more than him and still struggle. He
  has a genuine smile despite his tough life he believes: "Life is a choice, I didn''t
  study and I don''t have much but you can have a fortune and be poor or earn a little
  and save a lot, and make people happy with it". But as much as I walked around the
  city I realized there where no beggars so I ask Rijesh if there was a specific reason
  or place where they go and I found out that is not allowed to beg. The government
  takes care of the people on the streets by giving them work and having a minimum
  pay which is surprising because people actually work or else they have no choice
  but to go back in their home country. I took my goodbye from Rijesh and walked around
  more. Despite the wrong idea that is a closed world, I got to discover that there
  were people on the beach wearing bikinis, having a drink and next to them people
  in abaya (female arabic dress) and kandura (male arabic dress) living peacefully
  together. A lot of foreigners rooming around with families and living their life
  the normal way they would in their country wearing their clothes from home, some
  even dared to go for the abaya which they said they found it comfortable and elegant.
  After all this walk in one day I must say I learned a few things about the place
  and I didn''t expect to find stories like the one Rijesh had or differences that
  are so well included in everyday life without being an issue for anyone.'
