Title: Athens, between the cracks of the stone
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/athens-between-the-cracks-of-the-stone
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Arturo Llobell Uriel
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'On the Spring of 2018, having just finished my Specialization exam, I contacted
  a medical NGO in Greece, decided to give my remaining free days before going back
  to work a meaning by helping in the refugee crisis that is specially relevant there.
  In no time, I was offered a position as a voluntary doctor in Athens for as long
  as I could be there, and in even less time, there I was.

  I had pictured myself helping in large refugee camps outside Athens, never ending
  tent buildings where hundreds, if not thousands of people tried to survive in their
  trip between the horrific situation at their home country and the shiny promise
  of hope of Europe. Instead, I found myself in Athens, capital city of Greece. At
  first moment, I could see not much difference between Athens and other big Mediterranean
  cities I had previously visited (if you don''t consider the overabundance of amazingly
  well preserved classical ruins, of course), but in just a night, and thanks to the
  people I met there, I realized how different that city was, not only because of
  the city itself, but because of the total shift of my point of view.

  Athens, like any other big city, has a certain number of homeless people and people
  in need, but in addition to that, there are huge amounts of refugees stuck in the
  city, trying to flee the country, be it by air, sea or land, or just to survive
  waiting for legal asylum to be granted. And how do they survive? They live in the
  cracks of the city: every abandoned house, hotel or school (and there are plenty
  of those, thanks to the economic crisis) is a potential tiny refugee community,
  a small piece of their world in Greece. They are eager to work and help each others
  in ways that still warm my heart, and they really make the most of any small piece
  of help they are given, be it food, clothes, education or any other way.

  By visiting these places I could see parts of the city that an average tourist would
  have never meet, and also interact with the people there, not only the refugees,
  but also the locals, in a really deep level. And about those locals, I can only
  praise the way Greek people turn their enormous pride for their millenarian country
  and traditions into an altruistic energy that''s amazing to see in action: the same
  way they have a lot of free days and ways to visit their ruins without paying, they
  have a no nonsense attitude when it come to helping the refugees, either they directly
  and actively help them, or, at the very least, they let them be, which given the
  times we live in, is in itself something.

  Thanks to the different connections I made, I got fortunate enough to get a night
  visit to the old Athens by a history teacher, I got lost in the seaside until I
  ended in an abandoned hotel''s dock in which I saw the most amazing sunset with
  my friends, and got to enjoy the most amazing yet simple roast chicken with Greek
  salad I have ever tasted.'
