Title: AUSTRALIAN DREAM
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/australian-dream
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Luigi Remo Parente
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Wake up at six o''clock, a cup of soluble coffee and we left to north, towards
  the Murray. Only me and Brad, on a mission to pick up the new family boat and take
  it to the river. It had been two weeks since my arrival in Ballan, Victoria, and
  though it may seem like a short period, I was feeling part of the daily routine
  of the people around me. I could not have been luckier with my family: Brad, Rebecca
  and my two buddies, Tyler and Indiana. The bus time needed to reach the school in
  Ballarat was the perfect opportunity to get to know other guys and forge ties that
  will remain over time. One of the best moments was Saturday night, when cartons
  of a strange pizza came along with some friends to see the footy. Come on Bulldogs!
  Then the Sundays in Melbourne among the skyscrapers, to admire the murals, on the
  top of the Eureka Tower for a breathtaking skyline. And what about the Great Ocean
  Road? Happy moments of amazement. Everything seemed perfect, huge but easy for everyone.
  A young country, but with many opportunities.

  That morning Brad wanted to make a stop at the first bakery to let me finally taste
  the famous meat pie. A mess of minced meat with the appearance of the entrails of
  an animal, but very good and satisfying as a breakfast for a cold morning, whitened
  by the first snow. The long hours of travel on the road are a good time to talk.
  He and Rebecca had bought their first house at the age of twenty. Twenty! It did
  not seem possible. But thinking that over there all the kids like Tyler start to
  make money and save from a very young age, I realized the possibilities that this
  upside down country could offer. Finally we arrived at Kyabram, where a beautiful
  boat becomes our new travel companion. Hooked up to the pick-up, we left again towards
  Echuca. From there, a detour of a couple of hours to the west, along the river,
  to reach the campsite with the caravan inhabited during the torrid Australian summers.
  The next morning the air was cool and the temperatures far from the cold of Ballarat.
  We went to make some wood for the fireplace in the nearby nature park, full of red-wooded
  trees. There were only us, the slow wheels in the mud of the path, before going
  into the bush. Then the kangaroos. rows of kangaroos, one behind the other, jumping
  among the trunks. Peace and serenity were in the air, and in me the awareness that
  the greatest pleasures are found in small things. These two days to discover the
  open and wild australian hinterland were perhaps the most significant, those that
  made me say "Yes, I''ll be back".'
