Title: BACKPAKERS IN JAPAN
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/backpakers-in-japan
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Febri ansyah
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: l didnt espect to find ticket cheap in japan trip with my frend  for go holliday
  in september until first oct in  japan we dont have experient before . after we
  arrive in airport narita in japan we  a bit confusing to looking transportation  in
  japan . nwe ask people how to find ticket train to asasuka in tokyo japan  n we
  just get sign languange . finaly we get ticket for train n  after  arrive in station
  assakusa we can find our hotel happy . n next day we go to sibuya n harajuku to
  looking some good n  thinhs in there n we still ask people for ditection to drstination
  in japan we so enjoy to  looking around in sibuya n harajuku cause so clean n fresh
  air n good people in there n we spend night in cafe near assaskusa temple is cold
  in the night but nice view . after we spend 3 days in tokyo japan we go to kyoto
  with the bus. n take 15 hours go there. n we stay in hostel in kiyoto nice hostel
  n so clean n we get break fast n after that we take rest for a while in the afternoon
  we go to station n mall in kyoto to looking life  in there so  really good life.
  n the next day we go to the Temple in kyoto n we must walking  300 meters to get
  in there   n we looking around  the temple  the colour temple dominant orange n
  so beautiful cause in the hill n so nice tree colour cause autum n they call momoji  in
  japan after thar we go down n we drink tea near the temple n eat ramen like noddle
  in there love it n after that we come back to hostl so tired but fund  ya loviit
  n after that we going back to tokyo again n we go to looking tokyo for go to garden
  in there n we go by train again n we spend 3 hours in there to looking the city
  so nice city n clean n no traffic n nice out fit ya people in japan so we go to
  tokyo tower n we looking around so great experient in there n after that we go looking
  restaurant n we eat some tradional food in japan like shusi n so delicious. n the
  dessert is ice cream greent tea . n we just walking around to looking view in tokyo  n
  we have good experient in japan n the last day we go to temple in assakusa temple
  so many people come to there so we pray  like people japanese they all pray in temple
  n  so many local food to sale on the street in assakusa n we try japanese costum
  so great likeit. n we go try a few local food so nice n delicious. n we go to the
  store looking present for ya n l get bag n  t shirt n chocolate n we go  take foto
  around temple in assakusa  lovit. n the next day we just take rest in the hostel
  n we get relaax n drink a couple tean we just talking with some frends from korea.
  spain n kanada n japan offcourse so we have new frends from around the world ya
  n do nice friend meet in japan after that we start packing  n start go to Train
  station  to airport narita again n take 1 hours causr we just go with regular train
  not shinkansen train cause expensive ya  n we just arrive in narita airport on time
  so we  meet some tourist from indonesia to n they have guide ya n we say we no guide
  for trip to japan n they say wow. he.he. ya we can doit the trip cause we always
  ask people in there for di rection n we always looking google map so we come back
  with japan air lines so good food n nice service hopply we can vome back to japan
  n another country cause l love traveling n see the people n culture n food n drink
  n view  ya hoply l can go to portugal to n enjoy in there ya
