Title: Baduy Dalam
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/baduy-dalam
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Oky Andrianto
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Baduy, are one of Indonesian people that live around in Lebak regency, Banten,
  West Java. It is part of Sundanese people.


  When i go there for the first time, i was a tour guide for travel they i''ve been
  work, i bring my participation / customer who want to explore baduy.


  Traveling to Baduy has take about 10 hours, first we must use the train from Tanah
  Abang Station to Rangkas Station, after that we use the local transport like a minubus
  for go to Ciboleger, the start point when we go to Baduy, is about 4-5 hours until
  we arrived at Ciboleger.


  From Ciboleger we must walk away to the cibeo village, cibeo is one of 3 village
  that is in baduy dalam, 2 others is Cikeusik and Cikartawana. The distance from
  ciboleger until to the cibeo about 12 kilometers or about four hours away.


  The life of Baduy dalam is surrounded by mountains and hills, there are no vehicles
  allow to be in, not allow to use shampoo and soap to take a bath, not allow to use
  transportation, there is no gadget, there is no modernity, it is isolated and so
  lonesome. This is the information or rules for our participant who must obey when
  traveling to Baduy dalam.


  The Baduy dalam wear white shirts and head coverings (a sign of purity) and gray
  skirts and all of every participant get the head coverings too for respect the culture.


  Baduy we far from all about technology, there is no electricity, there is no a signal
  cellphone. Lighting a lamp fire only use of cooking oil. The right and left side
  of cibeo is a forest.


  Traveling to Baduy is a pleasant journey. People of Baduy is very welcome to us,
  i hope someday can go there again. A lot of experience that we can get when traveling
  to Baduy dalam.


  That''s my story about the journey whe go to Baduy dalam.


  Never stop exploring!'
