Title: Baine Sae
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/baine-sae
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Dellana Arievta
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Just follow the truck full with people in dark clothes, and you''ll get there:
  Rambu Solo'' Ceremony of people in North Toraja, Indonesia. If you ever read the
  article in Nat Geo magazine about how dead people are being treated as well as living
  people, it will be sort of like that in every three years on Ma'' Nene'' ceremony,
  where the families clean up the grave and change their dead beloved ones'' clothes.
  But at that time, we apparently came to the fourth of seven days total of a funeral
  ceremony in Emba Tau Village: The ''Mantarima Tamu'' day (the day of accepting guests)
  and the guests were doing Ma''badong (group of men making a circle and sing to show
  their deepest condolence to the family under the Lakkian - a tower for the corpse).
  After the third round guests went back home, the fourth round came, and it goes
  like neverending round of guests where the classy women wear sarong (a hat made
  of bamboo weaving which will cost up to 300 bucks). The Head of the Village let
  me sit on the place of honor: under the lumbung, usually lumbung has a shape like
  smaller version of Tongkonan and people put their harvest in there. Then he served
  us with a bamboo full of ballo'', a fermentation drink from sap tree and started
  to talk about where did i come from and what kind of holiday i was doing and how
  long i will be there and the most exciting part of getting lost in Toraja is, everywhere
  is your home. They will offer you a Tongkonan to sleep in, a food to keep your tummy
  happy and at that night, they made me pa''piong, a chicker or pig or fish cooked
  in a bamboo with herbs and spices.


  Not for so long, we were going south to Lemo, Tana Toraja where the ancient stone
  graves are, i bought mini Tau-tau souvenir; or as the spanish guide says i heard:
  ''el muneca de muerta''. because i''m into mystical thingies. Back to the north
  for attending The Farmer Ceremony: Sesemba and had a shiny picnic with the kids
  under the giant leaves while waiting the prayers outside the church. Going up high
  to the mountain, under bamboo trees which made the path shady, climbing megalithic
  mossy stones to find a way back to Balandong, having my feet both wearing hiking
  slippers and flip flop because i hurt my toes by neverending 4.5 miles walking.
  Passing hundreds menhir in Karassik and Kalimbuang Bori to finally, meet the Kete''
  Kesu stakeholder, Mr. Layuk Sarungallo (Sarong means a hat, like i told you before,
  and Allo means the sun in Torajanese) for the 13th times! And everything was done
  in our two weeks live in North Toraja for after that i started to do some projects
  about local community based tourism. So blessed!


  On my second arrival in North Toraja, (and it was for living there in a month! How
  happy i am!) i visited everyone i met before like it was my hometown: Mr. Bram the
  Toraja Coffee farmer, The artists community named Sanda Rupa who collaborate with
  me to create the carving signage designs, Mr. Ardi, the patchouli farmer and distiller,
  and not forgetting, The Ke''te'' Kesu'' Stakeholder, Mr. Sarungallo who invited
  me to attend his nephew wedding ceremony. Until one of Sanda Rupa guys told me one
  of their member''s dad has passed away. We came to his house in black clothes and
  it was crowded. I recollect things had done before, where i came to this place as
  a tourist, to see the ceremony as a tourist, to see the funeral as a tourist, and
  now they''re more like my closest family and invited me to come and made me wear
  a special dresscode following their culture and talk with them not only talk about
  how touristy i am, but more talks about personal things.


  To me, Toraja taught me to understand things in different way(s). For death is such
  a beautiful life process, warm and tender. And for the dead people aren''t scary
  anymore. They''re just like, beautiful memories you can literally re-open in every
  three years.'
