Title: Bali, the most exotic place in the world
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/bali-the-most-exotic-place-in-the-world
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: yunanistya rahmmadhiani
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: Bali is one of the islands in Indonesia. anyone who knows Bali, will definitely
  associate it with 3 things, namely a thick spiritual, natural beauty and hospitality
  of the local people.the most exotic scenery that we find in Bali is not only talking
  about nature, sculpture, painting, dance and other arts. in my opinion, Balinese
  exoticism is because of the local faces of women and their daily activities that
  make Bali look very exotic from other places in the world.we can see the activities
  of a Balinese woman as a line of women who care about traditional ceremonies. stunningly
  beautiful with elegant traditional clothes that do not come from a famous designer
  but come from the legacy of the past. Exotics in the context of our past are like
  being thrown hundreds of years when we see the tradition of a Balinese woman as
  a center of religious activity in Bali.for a religious person, religious activity
  is not something that doesn't make sense. this is an opportunity to express themselves
  in the context of the best offerings for their god. for a Balinese woman, obedience
  to their religion is an absolute obedience to daily ritual activities. activities
  that must be carried out both when happy and difficult. when lazy or excited. because
  exotic is not just something that looks beautiful. because exotic can mean beauty
  in manifesting the meaning of obedience to which power is beyond our reach. exotic
  Balinese women uphold custom. lined up neatly and moving towards the ceremony. who
  dress up beautifully during the wedding. who dress up beautifully when cycling.
  dress up beautifully when you take care of your child. exotic which is only found
  in Bali. maybe even the only one in the world.
