Title: Be careful, they are dangerous
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/be-careful-they-are-dangerous
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Andre Guimaraes
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'We all receive advice when traveling. A common one is "be careful, the people
  there aren''t like us. They are dangerous." This common misconception comes from
  the fear of the unknown and it may happen when traveling between countries or even
  different parts of a single country.


  My wife and I went to Joao Pessoa in Brazil for a three-month trip. We call it Mini-lives.
  Many relatives and friends warned us about the dangerous situation of that part
  in Brazil and I must confess it did affect us. When we choose the destination all
  we had in mind were the incredible beaches and nature. When we arrived, our attention
  was on protecting our stuff and, for a few days, it seemed that we weren''t seeing
  the beaches or the views, but only the fear.


  It took us a while to really understand that we were as safe as we could be there.
  One day, coming back home from a supermarket, my wife stopped at the street and
  pointed at the sun. Expecting a nice sunset I was blown away by what I saw. Instead
  of hurting my eyes to look at the sun I was able to stare at it continuously. I
  still don''t know how that was possible but this weird effect led me to one of the
  first moments when no security issue crossed my mind. The only thing that mattered
  was that moment and that experience.


  After that, many of our worries stared to face. Instead of going for a run inside
  the gym, we started to go to the beach. Once during the evening, the moon rose from
  the water and I had to stop my run to admire the reflection on the sea.


  Going back home, after three months there, we were transformed. Not only we stopped
  letting mislead advice guide us, but also we challenged preconceptions going to
  different places around the world that many consider to be either dangerous or not
  worth.'
