Title: be who truly i&#39;m when travel
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/be-who-truly-i-m-when-travel
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Fadhlil Ramadhan Djalil
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'i started to love travel with share something from the travel it self , it
  was when i''m on my way to Explore Banyuwangi Island , a beautiful island in the
  east of Java. so i''ve been learning much more about how to talk to stranger and
  making a local conection it start from i''m talk about what is a favourite food
  in here , a nearby mosque , how much time i need to going some places arround here
  ? and the local people was so so humble to me and they even didn''t worry to sharing
  some of they food to me. so i make a list what i''ve to do when i was in Banyuwangi
  and i decided to visit Baluran National Park! in Indonesia we called this with African
  Vibes On Java Island! coz why ? in here we can see a live of many species of animals
  could make you get a heart breaking hahah! so let''s back to the topic! oh yaa!
  in here you guys also get a maps to explore all arround this National Park and the
  good time to visit it''s start from 06.00 Am East Time Indonesia. don''t worry you''ll
  get nothing here! coz in here you can making a great content too! with an amazing
  view of Baluran! i''ve spend arround 3 hours to visit all of the places on the maps!
  what about yours buddy ? . so the next places i''ve really whant to visit is a Ijen
  Crater it''s such beautiful blue fire here! and this mountain doesn''t look like
  a mountain! hahaha why ? coz when you walk arround Ijen you''ll see a private taxi
  hahaha when they used a property to bring a sulfur from the top of Ijen to they
  Sale down there. a good time to visit Ijen it''s start from when they open the gate
  to tracking! here you''l feels like you''re in a fairy tale hahaha coz you''ll see
  the clouds looks like a sweet candy and ready to eat that! btw don''t forget to
  captures every moment in here coz the Sunrise in here having such an amazing gradation
  color!.

  Fadhlil Djalil'
