Title: Beautiful Things In Life Can Take Sometimes
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/beautiful-things-in-life-can-take-sometimes
SetInCountry: France
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ma Christina Murillo
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: 'Eiffel Tower as its famous name or Tour Eiffel in french is my biggest dream
  to see since I was a child because of my great belief of the City of Love. I am
  young at heart that time but I don''t know the happiness I feel every time I imagine
  I''m in front of that tower of love. At 20''s , I used to saved all the photos of
  Eiffel Tower and continue to wishing and dreaming one day I will be there. At 30''s
  , while working in Dubai United Arab Emirates my Schengen Visa Application rejected
  and every time I see a post on social media of somebody in front of Eiffel Tower
  is like a needle in my heart and keep of saying to myself " How lucky they are to
  be there" , " Why I can''t" and bring tears in my eyes. Last November 2017 due of
  my job status and family issues , I''m thinking to go back to Philippines and give
  up my dream to see the Eiffel Tower and accepting that maybe its not for me, but
  its really crushing my heart thinking I will not make my dream in reality forever.


  February 2018, I got a new job. It was August 2018 when my Schengen visa approved
  and I feel the little Tina inside of me , the happiest little girl that finally
  her dream will come true.


  September 8 2018 , one of the happiest day of my life and a dream come true ever.  Bonjour!!!
  Oui ! I am standing in front of Tour Eiffel in the Red Hat and Long Pink Floral
  Dress ( exactly this is the clothes I am dreaming to wear at Paris). Looking up
  in the Eiffel Tower with the mixed emotions that its real and I am not dreaming
  anymore. I joined the group tour to go up in the second level and most of the member
  of my group in couples at different ages-30''s to 70''s, somehow I''m wishing to
  be with someone too. I feel and touch every wall or the puddling iron of the tower.
  Yes, open eyes all you can see that it made up of Puddling Iron but Eiffel Tower
  really have its own mystery, magic and charisma why it have millions of visitors
  per year.


  I saved one day for Eiffel Tower to see it in daytime and night time. Starting 8:00
  in the evening till 1:00 in the morning the lightning schedule of the Eiffel Tower.
  At 8:00 I am sitting in the grass watching the lights of my dream tower. I feel
  I am the happiest and luckiest woman in the world that time, looking back my childhood
  dream and I feel how my parent and family proud of me because I am the only one
  in my family to see the Eiffel Tower and been in the Europe. I know my father in
  heaven watching me that night and proud of her little daughter. Tears really over
  flow in my eyes and heart that moment.


  I do really believe in Gods Time. Patience and Faith in God is all we need to make
  our dreams come true. God knows what in our heart and he always listen to our prayers.


  Beautiful Things In Life Can Take Sometimes and All of us deserve this in this world.'
