Title: Becoming Portuguese
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/becoming-portuguese
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: William Fish
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I was fortunate to become friends with a Portuguese playwright while he and
  his wife and dogs lived in New York and I finished high school.  I was then invited
  to join Manel and Ellen in Lisbon to work on film and theater projects with them.  I
  traveled to Portugal on a Greek freighter with the dogs along for the ride on the
  top deck.  The dogs had to have certificates of good health required by the Portuguese
  authorities which I dutifully obtained in New York.  When I walked off the ship
  in Lisbon with the dogs, no one was the least bit interested in these documents.

  We went on to produce several events and I was the cameraman for an award-winning
  film.  These were the days of a fascist dictatorship in Portugal and our work would
  bring us under the eyes of the political police.  We were visited early one morning
  by a group from PIDE, the political police, who would take our passports and a number
  of items they clearly didn''t understand.  One was a book of mine with Dennis the
  Menace cartoons.  While the work in film and theater was exciting, I had to turn
  to teaching English to make a living and went on to enjoy that immensely.  I taught
  in a professional course required at that time for guides and interpreters that
  were vital to the Portuguese tourism sector.  I had an opportunity to tour much
  of Portugal with two wonderful Portuguese guides who were my fellow teachers in
  the program.  These two men had a vast knowledge of Portuguese history and culture
  and I was the American sponge soaking up as much as I could.  Later, I worked as
  a stringer for the Associated Press covering the funeral of Salazar, the dictator
  that had ruled the country for much of the 20th century.  I left Portugal after
  four years and returned to the United States where I would work in a Presidential
  election campaign.  I was assigned the areas of Rhode Island and Southeastern Massachusetts
  with a large Portuguese speaking population as I was now fluent in Portuguese.    I
  have maintained my connection to Portugal with the friends and colleagues that helped
  me to become at least 49% Portuguese!'
