Title: Being Survived Through Smile
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/being-survived-through-smile
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Niken Seka Martini
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Traveling to beautiful countries would be every traveler dream. Explore the
  countries with the language that we don''t know and keep enjoying the beauty of
  the place are the best challenge that everybody want to try with the big heart.
  The satisfied result will exist along with the wonderful efforts in getting survived
  during the holiday.


  I had the best travel experience while visiting Japan in 2014. I traveled with my
  cousin to Osaka and Kyoto for around 7 days and both of us did not understand Japanese
  language. We kept going to those cities with our courage. And we survived with happiness.
  How can we survive? We only used our sincere smile as the major tool while talking
  and asking to other people. The funny thing is we were still speaking with different
  language during the conversation but we understand to each other and ended with
  the solution. Then, I believe that the truthful smile became the language that can
  be understood for all people without any barriers. And we will safe to travel anywhere
  with less fear.


  The Kansai Airport was the begining of a sincere smile works. Storms in Philippines
  was the reason of the arrival delay for about 10 to 15 minutes. The worst thing
  was we arrived in Kansai Airport just 20 minutes before the last bus to Rinku has
  ended their services. Actually, I did not want to spend my money for taxi ride.
  Nervous was my biggest feeling at that moment because I did not know the bus stop
  as I could not find the information from the Internet. At that time, I still had
  to queue at the immigration desk, which took about 5 to 10 minutes. After finished
  in the immigration desk, I ran to outside and tried to ask for the information to
  the airport staffs. The old man that I asked about the bus stop information did
  not speak English and I became freeze with no clue. And I tried to use the best
  tool, which is a sincere smile, to the old guy and also using the body languange.
  Tiring was the absolute feeling but I continued running until I sat down on the
  last bus only 3 minutes before the door closed. Tiring was changed to a happiness
  for me.


  The train station was another place that the truthful smile worked. Looking at the
  signage at the train plaform was one of my hobbies during traveling in Japan. It
  was confusing at the begining because the writing went very fast in the screen and
  I had to wait until the English version appeared. The confusion attracted local
  people, who were Japanese, to ask me about what was going on and they offered some
  helps. It was very touching because we still spoke different languange but we covered
  with since smile and a meaningful body language. Those let us to get the happy ending
  result, which was no more confusion.


  I still have many examples on the sincere smile can be used as the powerful tool
  to make different language to be one language by heart. The happiness will exist
  and the journey will say a lot.'
