Title: Berlin, You&#39;re Not Scary
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/berlin-you-re-not-scary
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jacqueline Bell
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: '5AM I grab my suitcase, check out of the hostel, and run to the metro station.
  I said goodbye to my friend who spoke German. She was on her way to London while
  I was headed to Paris. Running into the metro station, I instinctively jumped on
  the first train. I decided to look at the map on the train instead of wait for the
  next one. The train moved and the conductor said something, but I didn''t understand
  a word. I figured maybe if I see the next station, I''ll know where I am. The train
  was full of people and then everyone exited at the next stop. I read the sign and
  it wasn''t the stop GoogleMaps told me. I remained seated and the doors closed.
  The cart was empty. Suddenly I realized there were three gentlemen staring at me
  at the end of the cart. Guess it wasn''t empty. One was missing a tooth, and the
  others were in dark clothes and old fashion hats. They saw me and moved closer to
  my seat. Of course my first thought was, this is it, they''re going to attack me,
  there''s no one around and they know I''m foreign with my bright purple suitcase.
  I tried to remain calm and avoid their stares. The train halted in the middle of
  the track. I began to panic. The men saw me look around, for some direction, some
  hope. I couldn''t believe it, this was my last moment, stranded on the Berlin metro
  with these funny looking fellows. The train was halted for 10 minutes. I didn''t
  know what to do, jump out the side? Use my suitcase as a cushion for the fall? The
  men continued looking at me and eventually started saying, "French, German, Spanish?"
  I didn''t understand what they were meaning, until "Italian, Russian, English" and
  I finally nodded my head. They started speaking to each other in something other
  than German. They laughed and I decided to ask them, "German?" They said "Romanian."
  They smiled and two of them said "No English" the third said "I speak English."
  They asked me my name, I told them "Jacqueline" and they excitedly said back to
  me, "Jackie!" The one said "you look so scared, what is wrong?" I responded "I don''t
  know why the train is stopped and I''m not sure if I''m on the right train to get
  to the EU Rail." He reassured me that the train does this sometimes and it''s going
  back to the last stop and actually that is the stop I need to get off to get to
  the Rail. I was immediately put at ease and couldn''t believe how I misjudged these
  men. We laughed a chatted for a moment, mainly with hand gestures and my wacky facial
  expressions. We understood each other some how and I felt warm in the care of these
  Romanian men on their commute to work. When the train started up again and took
  us to the last stop, a wave of security fell over me. I said thank you and shook
  their hands and bolted off. As I left the cart, they leaned out the door and chanted
  "Go Jackie go! Jackie, Jackie, Jackie!" and clapped when I made it to the door.
  I smiled and blew a kiss back to them. It was the perfect way to leave Berlin: scared
  for my life, and in the end having Romanian men cheer me on to my next destination.'
