Title: Best Kept Secret
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/best-kept-secret
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Sasha  Green
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: My main journey was to write a story about Cape Town but little did I know I
  would come across the best kept secret of South Africa.  I stumbled across an unknown
  city called Port Elizabeth which is eight hours East of Cape Town. It is situated
  in one of the Country's poorest provinces but one of the richest in scenery. Port
  Elizabeth is a Coastal city bordering the Indian Ocean. It is rich in history. The
  City was named after the mayor Rufanes Donkins wife Called Elizabeth. Due to the
  history, I thought I would visit the heart of city which is an area known as the
  Donkin Reserve which is a piece of land set aside for a pyramid that was erected
  for his wife Elizabeth that tragically died on her way back from India in the 1800's.
  It also has an old lighthouse. At the Donkin Reserve, I came across a couple of
  locals that told me about a park called the Settlers Park about a 15 minute walk
  from where I was. I drove to the park and there I came across beautiful cliffs and
  a river called the Baakens River that runs through the city. I walked through the
  beautiful green bushes and trees. After the wonderful tranquil walk, I headed to
  a beach that is north of the city called Sardinia Bay. I drove along the Settlers
  Highway that runs next to the beach onto Marine Drive which runs on the wild side
  of city which is full of vegetation . The scenery is full of green bushes and on
  the other side the Indian ocean that is surrounded by jagged rocks and secret rock
  pools. After 20 minutes of driving, I came across a quaint seaside village called
  Skoenmakerskop.. I drove through the village and suddenly found myself distracted
  by a restaurant called Skoenies. I was extremely hungry and wolfed down the best
  Prawn Salad dish. After the wonderful dish, I decided to walk across the road and
  proceeded down the stairs to the sea and a secret beach awaited me. It was a pristine
  beach surrounded by rocks that resembles the beaches of Greece. Then proceeded on
  my way to Sardinia Bay.  The road was bordered by bushes and green pastures. Finally
  I came across the road to Sardinia Bay, as you drive you can see the huge sand dunes
  of Sardinia Bay and the sea. I found myself looking at a huge dune by a parking
  lot. I decided to walk up the huge sand dune that was like a two storey building.
  But the walk was rewarding because as I came to the top, I saw the most beautiful
  beach that had a sea that was tranquil and Mediterranean blue. Port Elizabeth is
  full of history that show cases the introduction to British settlers to the negative
  affects of the Apartheid. It has amazing potential but has fallen victim to bad
  governance. I wish one day, that Port Elizabeth could be one of the best cities
  in the world.
