Title: Beyond limits
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/beyond-limits
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Dheeraj Singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: This is the story of my very first long and adventurous bike ride to leh-ladakh.
  I went there with my buddy on a single bike with no exact equipments as i can't
  afford them. The first day i have started from delhi then i recieved my buddy and
  reached manali after covering a distance of 550km, we then explore manali. Next
  morning we went to take the permit to cross rohtang pass but we came that there
  is a waiting for 3 days to get it. We somehow arranged to get the permit of after
  two days. Then after spending two days in manali we left for leh. In these two days
  i got announcement of my exam date so i have to make it early. We left for leh and
  after crossing rohtang pass the first hurdle came in front of us i.e. a riverstream
  on road. First i got fear to cross it but then i somehow got the courage to cross
  it and after crossing it i feel so proud. Then after i have crossed 2 more streams
  like i am an expert of it. After a hectic day and an offroading of 250km we took
  a stay at sarchu in a camp made by local people. We made the owner our friend that
  person is very charming, and caring. Next morning we left for leh again this time
  after doing a continuous 12hours offroading, crossing streams, we reached leh and
  we got smiles on our face like we have acheived so much. Then after we stay at leh
  that day, explored local markets, meet new people. Next day we left for the kardungla
  pass which is the first highest motorable pass of world situated at 18350ft. It
  was raining last night so the roads are wet with lots of mud, pebbles and very slippery.
  While riding our hands got frozed because its too cold, there is a lack of oxygen
  also so we are getting difficulties in doing work or riding bike. But don't know
  how and where we got that courage to finish it up. We started at 9o'clock in morning
  and we reached there at 2o'clock but the journey is not completed yet we have to
  go back also. So after tieing the tibetian flags on my bike we left for leh there
  is a jam on the way and there i fall with bike and hit a car the car owner demanded
  for money and behaved so rude to us. Then we left for leh after clearing the matter
  and after reaching leh we decided not to stay there and left for sarchu again as
  i have to reach early for exams. That is a ver hard decision, when we reached tanglangla
  (the second highest pass) our hands and legs got frozed and snow fall started there
  is only a small hut where we hide and drink tea to stabilise our body temperature.
  After snowfall stops we again left for sarchu and it was raining too. We are riding
  bike in rain with a leather jacket only. It was dark now and its very difficult
  to ride in dark there and it increases our difficulties. We reached sarchu at 9o'clock
  and there we got a news that there is a cloud burst on the way back we thanked god
  that we are safe. We were very tired that we even not eat food and sleep. Next morning
  it was again raining but after taking or breakfast we left for manali. On the way
  there is a bad stream which was 100meters long we crossed that with very difficulty,
  then after that we got deep muddy road there i fall again the bike was moving like
  a snake. After crossing all the difficulties and getting wet in rain for two days
  we finally reached manali and then we took breathe in rest. We stay there relaxed
  that night and again next morning left for delhi in rain again. I dropped my friend
  on the way anf reached my home. I have tears in my eyes of happiness and achievement
  as it was my first ride.
