Title: Beyound the Gauchos
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/beyound-the-gauchos-2
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Amy Colgan
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'Coming from a career in the wine industry I was dreaming of malbec and meat
  as I crossed the Andes from Chile to Argentina. However, I had stretched my budget
  , my alloted time for Chile and had picked up a travel buddy; a vegan who had already
  spent a good chunk of time in Argentina and was in a hurry to get up to the Bolivian
  border. My plan to wine and dine myself in Mendoza was no longer really on the cards,
  I was devastated on what I might be missing out on. Thankfully the next two weeks
  more than made up for that.


  Sometimes on a large trip it''s good to allow flexibility in your plans, you meet
  people who give you tips , plans change, and you end up places you hadn''t heard
  of. I ended up spending one day in Mendoza, the wine mecca of South America, Paddys
  Day, surrounded by people drinking green beer. Colleagues at home would have been
  sickened with me I thought, for a split second before having one of the best nights
  of my life.


  It was easier to let go of my pre conceived Argentine travel plans after that and
  just went with the flow. San Rafael , a couple hours south of Mendoza, was our first
  pitstop. San Rafael is a smaller, more easy going Mendoza, and they looooove tourists.
  I had my first Argentine empanadas here and was introduced to Quilmes stout , it
  made me forget all about the boutique bodegas we walked by. But really it was the
  rafting that was the highlight. So many options such little time, Rio Atuel is a
  hub for river activites and the whole region is a haven for a nature lover.


  It was a short but sweet visit but we had to get North, the rainy season was coming
  to an end in Bolivia and we were hoping to get there to catch it . May sound strange
  but when you visit the Salt Flats it is the rain that gives the fantastic mirror
  effect you''ll see in the photos.


  Cordoba and Salta were both very unique, individual cities. I hadn''t realized Cordoba
  was so big, it had a great buzz about, lots of bars and outdoor seating to enjoy
  some local Torrentes wine. Salta had beautiful squares and architecture and had
  a slower pace about it, being more northern you can see the food on the menus starting
  to change to the meals that are enjoyed more in the northern mountainous regions,
  locro for example being a delicious hearty stew.


  This departure from my original plan was leading to the biggest change my itinerary,
  I had planned to cross the Bolivian border in Chile after spending my birthday in
  San Pedro de Atacama but now I was heading further north into Argentina. There were
  some very long bus journeys, but I never napped , never took my eyes off the road.
  The scenery is breath taking, like nothing I''ve seen before. Jujuy and Humahuaca
  ,the rainbow mountains are just spectacular. And I spent my birthday in one of the
  most northern, remote villages in Argentina , Iruya. The Bolivian influence in the
  clothes and way of life here is very strong, I wondered if people knew or even cared
  about the border. I took a picture from my room when I woke up in the morning to
  send to family, it looks like you took a picture of a painting my mum replied when
  I eventually had signal to send and receive messages. That night in the restaurant
  at the edge of town , the power went out. A common occurrence here it seemed. They
  had a generator up and powering the kitchen and filled the restaurant with candles
  in no time. We laughed and drank our wine and I was very glad that I''d been convinced
  to change my plans.'
