Title: Beyond The Bay
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/beyond-the-bay
SetInCountry: Nigeria
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kiki Mordi
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: '"Closed mouths don''t get fed on this island". That was Edafe''s only explanation.
  And after two days on Tarkwa Bay Island, I understood.


  Tarkwa Bay Island is a small island off the coast of the Atlantic in Lagos, Nigeria.
  It''s the go to spot for surfers and thrill seekers but I never once wondered what
  went on beyond the beach until now.


  Abraham, a teenage local that doubled as my tour guide and surf teacher started
  to tell me stories about his island. I was drawn.


  First he told a story of "oil coming from the ground". I wondered if he realized
  that he described illegal crude oil bunkering. Maybe not.


  The rest of my stay was safe and relaxing, characterized by waking up to the sound
  of the ocean, villagers going about their business of selling wares to tourists
  and the most beautiful weather on earth. It was as if God had painted the sunset
  with his own hands.


  I couldn''t help but wonder if the locals see what i see. Had familiarity with the
  island taken away its magic for them? Abraham cleared my doubts! The sense of ownership
  he had, beaming with pride when describing his island. His. I knew at that moment
  I had found true magic.


  My favourite piece of the island, despite falling absolutely in love with the ocean,
  was the people.


  Another interesting individual I met was Gbenga the artist. If anyone could masterfully
  translate the magic of the island into brushstrokes of colours it was him! So it
  came as no surprise I purchased a set of three paintings he named friendship. It
  was the most beautiful thing i ever laid my eyes on. Lines and curves weaving in
  and out of perspective, creating shapes, evoking emotions I didn''t know existed.
  One look at the painting and I was fettered. But in a good way. I blessed the sun
  for sharing this world with me. I had made intense connections with the Bay and
  the stars knew I''d be back. Someday soon.


  I met a fisherwoman for the first time. She had just come back from the waters with
  an exotic looking fish that looked like it swallowed a red bulb, and seeing as I
  was committed to fully absorbing the Bay, I indulged. I paid to have the red fish
  cleaned and grilled and the meal came with a keg of sweet white liquid goodness,
  palm wine. It was a taste of heaven.


  Meals are a ritual in Nigeria so it''s no doubt this quickly turned into a feast
  with music and dance. How would I ever go back to non dramatic meal times? The ocean
  breeze whispered in my ears and my body bowed to its calmness. Something about the
  Bay.


  Abraham had told me the story of how surfing saved his life. Living on a poor island
  like Tarkwa Bay, a 14 year old boy is more likely to die from political violence
  than an actual politician. But he''s not interested in all that. All he cares about
  is his surf board and keeping the island safe for friends he passionately said while
  pointing at me.


  A lot of boys his age are victims of corruption and violence, the ugly reality of
  life beyond the beautiful beaches of Tarkwa Bay Island. And not many of them make
  it out alive! Edafe did though, and I met Edafe. We became friends. Right after
  he threathened to drown my camera for taking pictures of him, I had to bribe my
  way out of that one.


  "My wife and kids are in Warri, far away from this island" "I saved up and put them
  on a boat. There''s nothing here for them"

  Edafe wouldn''t tell me how he managed to afford the house he said he built but
  he did mention that when he wasn''t "doing work" for politicians, he worked on a
  brig. And even though the job was seasonal, some people he said, manage to cash
  out heavy by scoring something useful to batter with the white men on the ship,
  in exchange for petrol. Sex was not off the table.

  "Closed mouths don''t get fed..."'
