Title: Bhutan Memoirs
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/bhutan-memoirs
SetInCountry: Bhutan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Smriti  Subramaniam
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Excited. Exhilarated. And overjoyed. I had every reason to so. For I was finally
  about to make my first ever international trip to "Bhutan". Also, my first ever
  family trip, and though I did not really know much about Bhutan, I was thrilled
  and could barely wait to travel. Couldn''t have asked for a better way to end the
  year 2015! I was in my element and raring to go!


  Finally! After days of waiting, it was time to leave and being a morning flight,
  all of us (mom, dad and my sister) had been to be quite early the night before so
  that we had all the energy needed for the day to come. Though I could barely contain
  my excitement and barely sleep for the same reason. We finally arrived at the airport
  in Kolkata and were patiently waiting to get into our flight which was bound for
  Bhutan. The Druk carrier was flying quite calmly when,lo and behold, suddenly it
  started swerving right and left and kept swerving all left all us passengers clutching
  to our seats! Apparently, this was the normal way of landing and much to our amusement,
  the cabin crew were all smiles as we had finally landed.


  The terraneous , rocky landscape overlooking the Paro airport in Bhutan was a sight
  to behold. Visually breathtaking and one of the most stunning locales I had ever
  seen in my life yet. After a quick photography session, we were ushered inside the
  airport for completing the immigration procedure after which , we were greeted by
  our really warm tours and travels guides who would we showing us around for the
  next few days. Although exhausted from the day''s traveling, we made a quick stop
  at few Buddhist monasteries and few temples before heading to our hotel.  The hotel
  that we were staying at , was arguably one of the prettiest hotels that I had ever
  been too. Overlooking the snow capped mountains, and football stadium right across
  our room , it was a vision! Serene and calming. It was a cold, chilly evening in
  Paro city and after freshening up, we headed to dine  and try some delicious Bhutanese
  delicacies. Just the perfect start to our most awaited trip.


  The next morning we headed to check out few monasteries, followed by stops at Rinpung
  Dzong(Fortress on a Heap of Jewels), Drukgyel Dzong (Fortress of victory) , the
  Druk Choeding Temple and finally the mountainous path which led to the "Tiger''s
  Nest" in Paro. Unfortunately, we could not get to the Tiger''s Nest, which is located
  at a really high altitude and requires a trek of fewhours. But other than that,
  we had covered pretty much everything else in Paro. The next few days were spent
  sightseeing places like Punakha Dzong, the Buddha Dordenma Statues,  the Dochula
  Pass which falls between Thimpu and Punakha. On the final day of the tour, we visited
  River Pachu, King''s palace, crossed the iron bridge, and on the way to Chelela
  pass (Bhutan-China border), greeted few one-horned rhinoceros and also had the opportunity
  to visit few wildlife sanctuaries.


  Of all the cherished memories, the one which would always hold a special place in
  my heart are the children of Bhutan , their endearing smiles and doll like faces.
  The traditional Bhutanese dance was fun as well.  All and all , it was a fantastic
  experience for all of us. Never in my life had I felt so much at peace and tranquility.
  The streets of Bhutan transported me to a different world. The cities of Bhutan
  told me a story, I''d always cherish. No matter how many more countries, I''d get
  to travel later on in life,my trip to Bhutan was definitely one of the best travel
  stories of my life . And being with my family, made it even more special. I knew
  I was going to return home with a heavy heart, but then, life has to go on.


  On the final day, we bid our good byes to our guides and finally headed to the airport
  with a heavy heart but plenty of heartfelt memories. Thank you for these memoirs
  Bhutan. I will definitely be back soon, I promised myself. xx'
