Title: '&#161;Bienvenido a Espa&#241;a!'
DateModified: '2019-02-02'
DatePublished: '2019-02-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/bienvenido-a-espana
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Oswald Perez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: It was November of 2015. As Sunday night turned into Monday morning, there I
  was stepping off my flight, a bumpy flight from JFK in New York, arriving at Barajas
  Airport in Madrid. This trip was months in the making as I first booked it in January
  as both a gift to celebrate my first anniversary at my current job and as a way
  to say goodbye to my 20's. Up until this moment, I hadn't traveled on my own before,
  except for flying to and from Chicago on Labor Day weekend in 2014.  But this was
  an entirely different animal, an eight day trip to Spain. I admit, there was some
  hesitation before departure as I saw the scenes that came out of Paris two days
  earlier with the attacks on the city where I visited three years earlier with my
  sister, the first time traveling without either parent's accompaniment.  The hesitation
  turned to sheer joy as I saw the silhouette of my the Airbus from Iberia Airlines
  that flew me across the Atlantic.  As I looked out the window of the van transporting
  me to the hotel, it became real to me that I was alone in a foreign country.  But
  as the day went on, I began to feel comfortable in the city. From Picasso's "Guernica"
  to the Santiago Bernabeu and the Puerta del Sol, Madrid began to unveil itself to
  me and welcome me with open arms. I would meet the rest of the group that night
  and stuck out like a sore thumb, a solo traveler amongst a bus full of partners
  and couples. But as the trip went on, they too welcomed me with open arms, as did
  Spain herself. The week was filled with many a wonder, from the medieval walls and
  cobblestones of Spain's original capital in Toledo, to the plains of Castilla de
  la Mancha, the Moorish majesty of the Alhambra, Granada and Cordoba and the passion
  of Seville. As the trip arrived back in Madrid, I arrived with a sense that I accomplished
  something amazing. It was such a good time, that I did not want to return home to
  New York, I wanted to keep exploring the country. I found a place where I could
  be at peace and transform into someone who's engaging and fearless, the opposite
  of who I am back home. These eight days were a leap into the unknown. I discovered
  a key truth on the other side , I'm capable of anything, when I put my mind to it.
