Title: Boing around myself
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/boing-around-myself
SetInCountry: Poland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Natalia Bello
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Finally, I was there. after many years of cross-references I had taken that
  low-cost flight to Warsaw and returned home. I do not know if home  is the right
  word to use for me;of course it was my land, the place where I was born but it was
  a place that I no longer felt mine, it was sunk in a dark corner of my mind. i do
  not remember anything about this land ... I think it''s Normal after 19 years of
  distance.

  I had to leave Poland at the age of three, until then I had lived in an orphanage,
  closed there ... I lost my childhood.

  I watched children with their parents go back and forth on that ruined street in
  front of the orphanage, sometimes I heard the children laughing with their mothers
  and I also hoped one day I could laugh like that ..and it was possible for me to
  be able to smile again, I was adopted by two Italian parents who took me with them
  in the hope of giving me a better life and being able to live carefree and free
  as any child deserves.

  Everything seems so beautiful and in many ways it is, but the distance from my land
  made me forget who I am, I was dragged away from my origins, from the history of
  my family and its traditions...

  I have never met my brothers and sisters, I have lost the years in which I would
  have learned from them even the most trivial things, like brushing my teeth or bending
  my pajamas, peeling a fruit ...

  these things I will never be able to get them back, I lost a piece of my past.

  but despite this it was time to go back to where I started

  I had taken that flight at the speed of light, without informing anyone, I just
  needed to look for who I was and who I could have been close in all these years
  if fate had not been put in the middle.

  The city where I was born is called Bialystok ,I remember little and nothing about
  the place, I only have some photos with me , so I took the first train from warsaw
  ti Bialystok and from there started the journey around me, to my origins.'
