Title: Bonding
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/bonding-2
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ashima Bhattarai
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Me and my Mother we have always been closed to each other. She's my great companion,
  my supporter and my guidance. This bonding was more deepen when I took a 3 days
  trip with her to Goldcoast and Brisbane. Goldcoast was amazing it was so pure it
  had a really pleasant welcoming smile for the people. I was happy as my mother was
  happy. I wanted a short hiatus for both of us as we had some horrible time last
  couple of years. When I reach the city I instantly had a feeling of relaxation.
  I guess it was the purity of the place that helps me to ease my restless heart.
  The most famous beach of Goldcoast is surfers paradise beach when I touch the water
  for the first time I was wishing for something which coincidentally came true as
  well. As Christmas was approaching near there were lots of festivals happening in
  the city. People were excited for their stalls to be shown, the weather was perfect,
  people dancing, riding scooters chilling in the beach which typically reflects the
  Australian Beach culture. After this small tour, we went for the boat cruise, which
  was fascinating as I got to see the many famous people living standards. Goldcoast
  is considered as an expensive city I had a limited budget as I am a student every
  penny has a big value for me but when I saw happiness in my mothers face while playing
  in the sea while riding in the cruises while eating a burger from hungry jacks it
  made me feel satisfied. Brisbane had another story people of brisbane were very
  pleasant the city was rich in buildings and good flyovers. One thing is for sure
  Both Goldcoast and Brisbane had given me an opportunity for me to be an amature
  Traveller and I had a great experience. Like every other traveller, I planned everything,  was
  exploring the city through the eyes of people, I was living in the moment, I learned
  more about the city and more importantly My relationship with my mother was stronger
  and stronger. I always had a belief that if someone needs to explore yourself or
  to know someone else better is done through travelling.
