Title: Borneo - A lifelong dream realised
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/borneo-a-lifelong-dream-realised
SetInCountry: Malaysia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Andrea Bolton
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Well my lifelong dream has been fulfilled. So many of our dreams, when made
  real, disappoint because the dream is often bigger than the reality. This dream
  was not one of them. I want to stand on top of the world and yell out to everyone
  "I SAW PYGMY ELEPHANTS". I have finally been to the heart of the Borneo jungle.
  We had already travelled 2.5 hours by fast motor boat to get to our eco lodge in
  the middle of nowhere, except for small muslim villages scattered on the river,
  on our day of arrival. Then yesterday we went further and further down river by
  boat into the jungle for another 2 hours, away from even these small villages. 2
  hours later the boat stops and all there is is silence.  And jungle. We sit and
  wait expectantly hoping to hear, or even maybe, just maybe, see an endangered pygmy
  elephant. Nothing. We move on. We wait again. Nothing. We know this long long journey
  comes with no guarantees. This is the wild. We cannot manipulate our surroundings.
  We can only observe. After many stops we see a flash of grey moving through the
  jungle. We stop the boat. What happens next is nothing short of pure joy. We see
  little but the silence is broken by the crashing around in the thickest folliage
  by a group of elephants hungrily eating. The noise is deafening like a forest tree
  crashing to the floor over and over again. And these are only pygmy elephants !!
  The glimpse we saw at first remains hidden. We move on excited. We are close to
  where they are travelling today. They are always on the move. No place is home which
  makes finding them all the more difficult. At about 4.30 pm our long, incredibly
  hot, uncomfortable journey (being blasted by furnace winds in a boat barely more
  than a tin punt) has all been worth it. We spot by the river the most amazing sight.
  Flashes of a group of pygmy elephants weaving their way, in single file, through
  the jungle. We hear the deep trumpeting of a large male in the distance. We move
  on. We are now deep, deep into the jungle. So pristine. So untouched is this 560
  kilometre stretch of the Kinabatangan River. Soon we come upon a clearing and see
  a mother pygmy elephant and her baby. We sit mesmerised at the sight. We are in
  absolute awe at the beauty of this moment and the privilege we have been afforded.
  I weep silent tears. This is the moment i have dreamt of since i was a child. It
  took a life threatening cancer diagnosis and a glimpse of my own mortality to set
  in motion plans that finally came to fruition to bring me to this moment in time,
  that is nothing short of a wonder to behold. We stay awhile savouring moment after
  moment shared in time with these beautiful creatures. Daylight is leaving us as
  we commence the 2 hour boat ride back to our lodge. At least the wind is cool. At
  about the half way mark we spot another herd of pygmy elephants grazing by the river.
  We stop. Watch. Take some photos but ask our driver to continue our journey when
  the mother appears upset by our presence. It is now dark. Thunder and lighting signifies
  an impending storm. I would have been disappointed if the tropics did not put on
  a show such as this. Our boat has no lights. We are in darkness flying up the river.
  Our last stop has put our return time one hour later than expected. However i have
  no fear. These people of this part of the world know this river like the back of
  their hands, weaving in and around wood floating throughout the river. We arrive
  safely back at our lodgings at around 7.00 pm in the pitch black darkness. An amazing,
  amazing, journey seen by so few people in the world. A blessing indeed. Tomorrow
  we leave this village. Another 2 hour journey on the water by fast boat back to
  Sandakan. I will carry the memories of this day to my grave.
