Title: Brainless journey
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/brainless-journey
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Dipali Oza
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Which is the earliest bus I can get? Whatever station it is I just want a
  ticket to the place 8-9 hours away." I asked to travel agent. Time was 11.30pm.
  I was irritated with my office, I need a break so I just took a bag and off to the
  place I don''t know about. I reached Mumbai early morning and  I went to a beach
  to relax, it was the first time I visited Mumbai. I ate breakfast there and asked
  for the places I can visit. I went off for a famous ganesha temple and it was so
  full of crowd but still peaceful, I started feeling suffocating but crowd didn''t
  allow me go, suddenly someone snatch my hand so hardly and before I understand anything
  I was out of the crowd. I sat there and drink water, "are you alright?" Someone
  asked. I saw a boy in front of me, he was the one who helped me. I thanked him and
  we had a good conversation. I found that he is from Mumbai so I asked him to join
  me so I can visit most of the places. He agreed and we start our journey. On that
  day I visited 3 beaches, 2 temples and 1 shopping street. But the important thing
  is I got a friend for lifetime. In a single day we made a good relationship and
  we still are friends. We still chat, whenever I visit Mumbai, I call him and visit
  him for sure. Let''s get back to story now, Its already night and I have to leave
  because next day I have to attend my office. While return journey, I was thinking
  that I don''t need to plan vacation or go with someone, I can enjoy a little break
  and make it memorable. But only one condition is there, that is you have to stop
  being logical, keep away your brains, only follow your heart, give freedom to your
  feet to go wherever they want to go. Just forget your identity and lost your self
  in journey.'
