Title: Breaking the language barrier
DateModified: '2019-02-02'
DatePublished: '2019-02-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/breaking-the-language-barrier
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Lannara Natyelle Santos Silva
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: The English language is one of the most important around the world which is
  exactly why every year, more and more people are looking for an English school just
  to improve their professional and academic lives. I always wanted to get to know
  another country and with my studies and my dedication fulfilled a dream which was
  getting a scholarship to the United States. Learning a second language abroad changed
  my life, allowing me to adjust to other cultures and I had the opportunity to visit
  and see amazing places. The usage of the language is very important and is the first
  thing that people use to express themselves with others around them. While I was
  studying abroad, I met people from all over the world and it fascinated me. I can
  also add that I have a passion for foreign languages and I enjoy studying them.
  They are an inseparable part of my life. It helped me to transcend my mind and break
  down barriers. Before traveling to another country to study and deepening my knowledge
  of the English language, I really thought that I would have difficulties related
  to communication and interaction with the natives, and that made me afraid of not
  being able to have good relations with people with whom I would meet and mingle.
  During my trip to the United States, at the airports, I have had to use my knowledge
  of English because I had to talk to people to get information and receive instructions
  on my flights. I managed to use my knowledge of English, but I noticed difficulty
  in vocabulary when I had left a personal item on the plane and I did not know how
  to say the name of the object in English to be able to retrieve it after my landing.
  In the first moments in the US, I was afraid to go somewhere to solve something,
  to visit the doctor, to go shopping because I did not know if I would be able to
  do such activities alone without some kind of support or help. After some time of
  living here and learning from lessons in the English Language Institute, I was losing
  my fear to tried and take more chances because even by making mistakes, people can
  learn from them and not miss an opportunity. An example of a mistake I made in pronunciation
  was during a ride with some friends at the zoo in town; when I went to make a comment
  about the bear and confused the pronunciation of bear with the pronunciation of
  beer, my friends told me that I had made that mistake and taught me the correct
  way. Despite my difficulties with pronunciation, I knew that by studying hard I
  could learn. In response to global demand nowadays, learning a second language is
  very important; it extends the communication mode by generating new opportunities
  in the labor market and also in the quality of life. Every opportunity of having
  more contact with native speakers was essential to me; the more interaction I could
  have while I was there, the faster I could learn. A friend of mine, at that time,
  told me that he was very impressed with my English skills at this time. After he
  told me that, I felt happiness because of his comment. Todat, I am completely satisfied
  with my experience there because I can see the results with my second language learning;
  I am sure that my efforts to learn English were sufficient to achieve my goals in
  the US. What I need to do is just keep going with my studies until I can speak fluently
  and with a high level of English.
