Title: Breakfast Buddies
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/breakfast-buddies
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mriam Muataz
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: March 19 my parents and I booked a two way ticket to Cairo, Egypt. We planed
  to stay there for a month. I was so excited to finally go there visit the pyramids.
  I started packing I took all the dresses that I bought, but never really wear they
  were too summery for my cloudy cold City. My heart is dancing with excitement. We
  finally landed in Cairo after a long enjoyable flight. We have no one there except
  Tarik a guy my dad have been talking with. He leases apartments for temporary visiters
  short term rental. We're now free to leave the airport after the security check
  and paying for our visa, but we have no clue where to head now. Our phones are not
  working We need to use a phone to make a call to Tarik. the taxi driver gives us
  his cell phone. Tarik answers the phone. He talks with our driver told him to drop
  us off at a nearby bakery and he'll get us. The driver drop us off. We're waiting
  with our luggages in front of the bakery. After waiting for 10 minutes Tarik arrives
  with a big welcoming smile. He take us to see the apartment we walked there it's
  very close to the bakery. Our first reaction " Tarik what is this? this is such
  a dark place"  We end up leaving before he gaves a tour. He has another apartment
  on the 15th floor in another block. He said it was newly built and the owner is
  a doctor who lives in another apartment. The doctor has the keys to the apartment
  so we have to wait for him to come. We chatted with Tarik asking him about restaurants
  and places to visit. He is funny and polite we liked so much already. The doctor
  came with his wife they welcome us and gave us a tour of their rather facny apartment.
  It's beautifully decorated the best part is the balcony we were sold. After signing
  the rental papers. Tairk invited us to a restaurant. We all went there had a Egyptian
  meals. After three weeks of our time in their. My mom had a tooth pain and she was
  in need to see a dentist. I immediately book an appointment. When we arrive to the
  clinic Nadia open up the door welcoming us. I filled up the paper and Waited few
  minutes to see the doctor. Nadia and the other receptionists were looking at me
  and smiling. We are about the same age. Nadia is so charming and friendly I was
  so curious to get to know her. The doctor calls my mom.  I had to wait in the waiting
  room. Nadia comes in asks me if I wanted anything to drink. I asked her for some
  tea. She asks me if I was a college student and what's my major. We exchange information
  a little bit about ourselves. She is a health nutritionist and part time model for
  a local brand. She showed me her profile. I told her that one of my dreams is to
  go to Paris. "This is my dream I wanted to go see Paris she said but I don't want
  to go solo". We bonded over our love to Paris. She spontaneously asks me to meet
  up for a breakfast the next day. She comes picks me up at 9:00 AM. We had a french
  breakfast at a french cafe. She opened up about her complicated relationship with
  her dad and started telling me about everything about her life. For my last week
  breakfast with Nadia was a ritual. The last day our flight is at night. She comes
  in the morning to the apartment and wakes me up with a sad tone " wake up Miriam
  we have to go get breakfast this is the last day" I woke up gave her a hug and told
  this is just the beginning for a beautiful friendship. My short days with Nadia
  taught me how to open up and not be ashamed of your struggles. Nadia spontaneousness
  and adventure made my last days unforgettable. Our breakfast conversation created
  a beautiful friendship that's I will always remember.
