Title: 'Breathe: The purest one you can get on Mother Earth !'
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/breathe-the-purest-one-you-can-get-on-mother-earth
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Dr. Charu  Churamani
AuthorCountry: India
Text: The current travel hotspot for the indian youth is the mystical ladakh lying
  in the cold valley of jammu and kashmir. The best time to visit the scenic beauty
  is in summers but i chose the not recommended season of bitter october, when the
  valley starts to freeze & the locals begin thier winter detour down the hill, when
  there is no one but the wild and the indian army. The air so fresh and abunant in
  an otherwise hypocic area that the purity of the air could be tatsed on the tip
  of the tongue, the skies dance over the rocky ladakhi mountains and crystal water
  gleams in your eyes reflecting ever leaf and luring you to quinch your thurst .
  The mighty cold dessert is a heavan for all trekkers and bike riders challenging
  you at every turn . the dry and dusty mountains who have been witnessing time from
  the era of silk route as well as the present vlogger fad will make sure that you
  realise how tiny and significantly incapable are we humans in front of the variety
  of mother nature. While autmn was hitting the landscape, the brookside still bloomed
  in hues of  yellow , the sheeps grazing, the lamas trotting  and the wild berries
  sprouting one last time for the season. while the force of the magnetic mountains
  is not just a figure of speech but the real ability of these mounatins to pull any
  vehicle on hold defeating all the science we apply . The localities are dressend
  in bright reds of yak wool  and tourquise stone jewels are in a hurry to pack thier
  world and move to a warmer location for the winter is hard and the resources rare
  even in the most well connected areas of ladakh. As we dig deeper into the remote
  areas fuel is also a scarcity and network hazy added with this is the danger of
  landslides and earthquakes yet the ladakhi monks stand strong holding to the fast
  evolving tradition and culture. while most of the local shops are shutting the people
  will still greet you with a warm smile and love which has no boundaries offering
  the local delecacies like hot soupy tumkpa and steemed momos. It is one place where
  man has no control where man abides compleletly to the laws of nature . In this
  truest form of life in  a tiny corner of vast india you do realise how far from
  reality we are living, how unaware are we of the colours of the sky and the smell
  of the soil, trust me it has healing powers we might be busy looking for solutions
  on mars but the solution is right within us. The untouched areas of ladkah still
  live by ancient methods the most natural ways that ever existed in a difficult terrain
  it's untouched beauty makes the mankind bow down refreshing your very soul in return,
  making one free from the modern clasps of depression and anxiety, all it takes is
  to gasp in every mounatin, everyvstream, every tree and every being in the ladakhi
  area to truely realise the follies of mankind , to get healed  soak in the beauty
  by lenses of your eyes because no megacamera can justify the already picture-perfect
  ladakh !
