Title: breaking myths in argentina
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/breaking-myths-in-argentina
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: claudia flores
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'I came to Argentina to study my masters in psychology and mainly to shake off
  the bonds of mental barriers that tell me that I am not pretty and I can not get
  the job of my dreams, this experience has been liberating since I have managed to
  grow personally and professionally through some experiences


  1. You come to Argentina, you do not know the country and there is a friend "your
  salvation" who helps you the first day and gives you a survival kit: a map of Buenos
  Aires, a glass of wine to toast and remember old times and a list of hostels where
  you can call to stay

  2. After discovering how difficult it is to stay in Argentina, you can access a
  hostel without a reservation since "it is not necessary" and then tell you that
  the whole place is full, since some Brazilians "filled the hostel" just that week,
  so you manage to find another hostel with the help of this receptionist

  3. you arrive to the hostel and you realize that there is nothing in the kitchen
  so you must buy your utensils for cooking and passing a good recipes kitchen jejejejeje

  4. The idea is to get an excellent job since "you are running out of money", the
  problem is that you do not even have the identification document, so you have to
  look where they accept you, fortunately I was able to contact a caretaker agency
  of adult who pay with all working conditions in order


  5. Regarding the culture of the country it was interesting to discover some things:
  it is the most normal thing for men to greet each other with kisses, they have great
  European influence in their architecture, their education and many Argentines have
  European relatives, they have a lot of gastronomic and cultural offer with cinemas
  and theaters, it is a very cosmopolitan city and allows you to do very varied activities,
  one of the most important drinks is mate, it is very common that people have dogs
  or cats but curiously when renting many properties they demand not having pets or
  children, rents are very expensive and it is difficult to access them because of
  the excessive documentation they request, their alfajores, meats and wines are internationally
  famous


  6. In this country I did things that I always dreamed of doing, such as going to
  travel as a backpacker, getting to know new places, and having new friends. I also
  did things for the first time like putting on a dress for Christmas, cooking new
  recipes, doing couchsurfing, visiting a mosque, selling handicrafts and getting
  to know a new country


  7. And finally, I broke down one of the most widespread myths that says that Argentines
  are egocentric. I have met many very simple, humble Argentines and very good people.

  8. Finally I go on vacation to Colombia where I lived previously, since for now
  I will continue my life in Argentina knowing new places, people and experiences'
