Title: Brunette White Male
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/brunette-white-male
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Vanessa Peters
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I thought that spending Christmas and New Year in Vancouver, Canada would be
  a reasonable idea. As a Capricorn, I genuinely stay on top of things, AirBnB booked,
  flight booked, friends are coming to visit on the 28th and I had planned daily photoshoots
  with models of all races and styles to develop my photographic aesthetic. The 24th
  I explored the area shocked full of sky-high condos. The 25th I completed my first
  schedule shoot. On the 26th I went to the mall to see if there were any boxing day
  deals, and another shoot. On the 27th I registered with a medical marijuana dispensary
  and had another shoot. Incidentally it was also the day I decided to go on a Tinder
  date, which did not go well. He seemed uninterested, disconnected and frankly as
  a result, so was I. The only thing I really remember about that date was that he
  took my to a speakeasy, dark, smoky and tiny and he was British. In the Uber on
  the way home, this intense feeling of loneliness came over me. I had felt this before,
  being comfortable with being alone but having to stave off loneliness at the inopportune
  times it chose to present itself. 'Why do all my dates underwhelm me?' I thought
  to myself, 'What am I doing wrong?'. I got back to the AirBnB, took out my laptop
  and opened up a niche dating website to view my messages and matches. I responded
  to all of them, well the ones that seemed worth responding to anyway. One responded
  right away. He said that he could be at my place in thirty minutes. I never thought
  it made me a special snowflake to be someone that is curious about the odder than
  normal proclivities of others and not easily deterred by the unusual, so I kept
  that part of my life quiet. I was by myself in a lonely city with the internet,
  so I got ready and waited for him to call me so that I could collect him from the
  lobby, just in case he was a complete waste of time, in which case, I would leave
  him in the lobby. I hadn't seen what he looked like prior to any of this, on those
  kinds of websites, it wasn't uncommon for people to have no profile photos for fear
  of getting caught on there or just...for fear. He told me what he would be wearing
  so that I could identify him, not that the lobby would be incredibly busy to begin
  with. He called and I made my way downstairs and there he was sitting on one of
  the couches in the lobby, a perfectly average-looking but sort of good-looking brunette
  white male. We spoke a bit, only the lord knows what exactly what said because I
  certainly don't remember and I invited him upstairs to the AirBnB. He was incredibly
  shy and impressively docile, he was a lawyer, unattached and was just looking to
  see what was 'out there'. Casual conversation turned into a foot rub and a foot
  rub turned into a late-night pizza run. I know it sounds odd, especially with two
  consenting adults, but we never sexually touched. We never even spoke to one another
  in a sexual manner, he just seemed so ready to please me in whatever way he was
  capable and this...quality, endeared him to me more than I knew it could. I dismissed
  him for the night and he asked if he could see me the following day and I allowed
  it. He returned around the same time as the previous night, this time with candy
  that I mentioned I enjoyed the night before and wine as he noticed I didn't have
  any in the rental. We settled into what seemed like a comfortable routine at that
  point, he offering me a foot rub while simultaneously offering to pour me a glass
  of wine and I wholeheartedly accepting. Not even 5 minutes into our unwinding, there
  was a knock at the door and we both froze, extremely confused. I got up and walked
  to the door's peephole and there stood both my friends visiting on the 28th...
