Title: Buddha - unusual connect between 2 countries
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/buddha-unusual-connect-between-2-countries
SetInCountry: Sri Lanka
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Monish Shah
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'It all started 8 months back, in Januray 2018, on my trip to Odisha, India.
  I had purchased a new fabric from a Tribal Mela, to be tailor made into a Kurta,
  the traditional Indian dress. The cloth had tiny Buddhas all over it and I reserved
  it for some special occasion.


  Come August 2018, I was visiting Sri Lanka for the first time. Being an archaeology
  and history student, I was aware of the role that Sri Lanka played in preserving
  the "literary history" of Buddhism. I thought this would be the perfect place to
  try my still unused Buddha Kurta.


  We got ready and left our den early morning to visit the ancient sacred city of
  Anuradhapura. Both of us (me and my wife) were looking forward to a long and tiring,
  yet exciting Stupa hopping day; till our excitement was met with horror!


  We just entered our first site, Mihintale, and within a few moments an elderly gentleman
  approached us saying that a few people were looking for us. After looking at us,
  he said "Madam you need to cover sleeveless shoulders and you are good to go." He
  said this and then left. After almost 30 seconds he came back with a worrisome face
  and said to me "Madam''s clothes are fine, they''re are looking for you."


  Till I figure out what the issue was, around 5-6 young guys surrounded me. Almost
  everyone unanimously shouted ''How can you wear that?'' I was still clueless as
  to what was going on and someone from the crowd yelled "It''s illegal to wear Buddha
  in Sri Lanka." I almost got into a fit at this surreal moment because how is that
  possible when people in Sri Lanka love Buddha so much! Within seconds there were
  around 25 young men surrounding us and almost everyone wanting to pounce on me.


  Apparently it is illegal to wear Buddha figure in Sri Lanka but as an Indian it
  is very difficult to wrap your head around that idea because in your home country,
  it is very normal to wear clothes bearing Godly figures. A thousand thoughts pass
  through my mind, "''Is this my bad karma'' ''How should I explain them that I reserved
  this dress to wear in this land where Buddha is revered'' ''Are they going to lynch
  me''....." Suddenly I come back to my senses and pull my ID card out and start explaining
  that I am a Mumbai University''s Archaeology student and I am interested in Buddhist
  research and would never try to hurt any religious sentiments. All my words fall
  on deaf ears as the mob starts getting bigger and angrier with each passing second.
  I thought that these are going to be my last moments and I almost cried over the
  thought of dying or ending up in jail in another country.


  That is when the elderly gentleman intervened and maturely explained the locals
  in their dialect that I was wearing the dress only by mistake and not purposely.
  After persistent requests, the crowd calmed down a bit and demanded I either get
  rid of my clothes or change immediately. The gentleman quickly took me to the nearby
  guard''s room and fetched me a shirt from my driver Prashanth. My driver was a very
  short guy and I wore a shirt almost half my size;but that was not the time to think
  about fashion. While I was changing clothes, the guard asked me "Where are you from?"
  Upon hearing Mumbai he immediately uttered "Sachin stays in Mumbai!" That is when
  I realized that it is not only Buddha but even cricket binds both our nations.


  Immediately a friendly conversation erupts and situation gets reversed. However,
  I continued to shiver for almost half an hour.


  Don''t get me wrong, Sri Lankan people are the nicest I have come across but they
  regard wearing Buddha as an insult.


  I didn''t expect that 2 neighboring countries worshiping the same Supreme Being
  would have such different cultures!'
