Title: Buried Alive
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/buried-alive
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Dominic  Bannister
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'Normally, the graffiti wouldn''t have stood out. Faded, messy, presumably trivial
  in subject, it seemed to be the kind found on any exposed monument or nondescript
  wall, serving only to underline the slow decay of its hapless recipient. Yet instead
  of degrading its surroundings further in my eyes, it sprang them out of an abstract
  past, and revived a whole city, and the lives of those who inhabited it, right in
  front of me.


  Pompeii hadn''t interested me at first. Against the vivid colours of the rest of
  the Italy I had seen, the azure bays and the shining sand, it seemed withered and
  lifeless: long, schematic streets of gray only withered further by the piercing
  sunlight and muggy heat. I had long known the history: thousands of years ago, the
  hill that still placidly loomed over Naples had burst open, raining ash on the unsuspecting
  Romans (they thought the warning tremors were an imprisoned giant, I noted with
  a distant survivor''s complacency).


  After slowly shuttling through the turnstiles, I dutifully traced a trail round
  the most prominent landmarks, bankrupt sacred cows doubtless precious in the Romans''
  time but irrelevant to my own: the baths were drained and sterile, the markets were
  empty and silent. There was a slight fascination in how alien the ruins were from
  my own time -they were so ordered and austere in structure, so quiet- yet there
  was no life. Even plants were hard to come by; a faded grey dominated every surface.


  I had almost finished my route, and was lazily contemplating the fresco in one large
  house, its owners frozen into classical respectability. Just as my eyes were trailing
  toward the exit, they caught on an apparently more mundane feature: an errant line
  of graffiti scrawled across one of the less noticeable walls. I initially assumed
  a less respectful tourist had left them there, but the language -Latin- made me
  remember reading that the noble columns and grand theatres were not the only things
  preserved by the ash: many messages like this had been found all over the city,
  much of it just as coarse and irreverent as those found in modern cities even in
  a classical tongue.


  With this, the city burst into life again for me. The scorched husks of streets
  and squares, the dead alleys, became filled with people in my mind''s eye: not the
  statuesque cutouts of the frescoes, but living, moving, smiling, shouting humans,
  just as solid and fragile as I was. Here, people had bought and sold, slept and
  ate, spat and sworn, just as I and everyone I knew had, and only time and a lack
  of imagination had separated me from them. Yet they had experienced something I
  had not: one quiet day, their hill had burst open, and it had choked and buried
  them all.


  With a cold shudder, I pressed on to the museums, and found another gray image I
  remembered from my history books, one that screamed as it had never done so before:
  the plaster casts of the city''s inhabitants, the hollow shells left by the ash
  cloud. Soon after the eruption, the placards told me, the cloud had swept over the
  entire town and filled every pore of its streets, leaving the citizens blinded and
  burned. The confusion and terror could still be seen in the statues left over, each
  one contorted in terror and confusion. For me, Pompeii was no longer an inert ruin:
  it was a record of unimaginable horror.


  Later that day, I took a tour up Vesuvius itself, the source of the apocalypse.
  After a wearying climb, I stared down into the ominous crater, and noticed a small
  section near the bottom was still smoking. Surely it was harmless, if people were
  still being allowed this close, and yet it was enough of a reminder of what the
  volcano could still do: of the raging heat and energy that still churned beneath
  the basin. It had choked and buried a whole city, a whole people, I thought, and
  it could do so again.'
