Title: CEMARA KANDANG DALAM SEKEJAP MATA
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/cemara-kandang-dalam-sekejap-mata
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: MARTHIAN SULARSO
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: December 15, 2018 is the beginning of a solo trip, taking a bus from Semarang
  and taking at least 3 hours of travel. arrived at tirtonadi terminal then changed
  the bus to karanganyar then changed vehicles to mount lawu climbing post in cemarakandang.
  the journey to Cemarakandang is very beautiful, winding roads, stretched pine forests,
  fresh mountain air, country houses, and mount Lawu of course. Cemarakandang is the
  first climbing post from the direction of Central Java, because Mount Lawu is owned
  by 3 cities and 2 other cities located in East Java province. The beauty is so great
  at the post that is often used as a base camp for friends who will climb Mount Lawu,
  you can see the green hills stretching in the morning mist, the pine forest on the
  south side and the sun behind the mistresses with still shy light. still in the
  cemandang region I stopped by the shop and ordered a glass of ginger, a drink from
  ginger with fresh coconut sugar, cold mountain air, this drink felt so luxurious
  because it managed to become the only body warmer that is frozen. those who have
  stalls talk very friendly, because that's the typical Javanese person, polite and
  friendly. This stall is located right next to the basecamp and is made of bamboo
  and a dry coconut leaf roof, like most traditional houses. a very touching and unforgettable
  atmosphere. After warming up with gedang ginger and eating a little snack from cassava
  called "pohung godog", I went on a walk along the trail to a destination that I
  was very curious about myself. Heading there must pass through a dense forest, down
  a small river, then past the tea plantation, enter the edge of the mountain, slightly
  dividing the ravine, then arrive there. "Grojogan sewu" waterfall, it is said that
  the word "grojogansewu" was taken because this waterfall was like water that was
  doused thousands of times because of the current. the waterfall which is located
  between two slits which is quite wide then falls from a height of 81 meters, the
  rocky slits look mossy but are always fresh from splashes of water, and on the upper
  side are still beautiful forests which are part of the conservation area. Srojogan
  Sewu Waterfall always displays rainbows during the daytime, splashes of water are
  exposed to sunlight and form a very beautiful spectrum of colors, similar to what
  is often found in Niagara Falls.
