Title: Chasing waterfalls
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/chasing-waterfalls
SetInCountry: Korea South
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Vita Amalia Puspamawarni
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: '"Don''t go chasing waterfalls. Please stick to the rivers and the lakes that
  you''re used to". The refrain part of Waterfalls by TLC reminds me of my trip in
  Jeju Island six years ago. Jeju Island has three famous waterfalls: Jeongbang Waterfall,
  Cheonjiyeon Waterfall, and Cheonjeyeon Waterfall. I had never planned myself to
  visit those waterfalls before I arrived in Jeju Island. It was spontaneous two days
  before my flight back to Seoul. Jeju Island has two main cities that most tourists
  stay, Jeju City and Seogwipo. I stayed in Seogwipo for three nights. In the last
  morning of my stay at Seogwipo, I walked around and saw the wooden sign on the T-junction.
  If I take the right, the road goes to Cheonjiyon Waterfall, and the left goes to
  Jeongbang Waterfall. I followed the road down to the right. It was quiet Sunday
  morning. But I got amazing feeling as I experienced how local people start the day.
  The owner of a small local restaurant stood by the window and smiled at me. I kept
  walking and found a group of fishermen sat around their boats on the small dock.
  They were relaxing. Some of them talked while having a cup of coffee. Other read
  the newspaper, and just laid down on the deck and close their eyes. I saw a lighthouse
  not far away from the dock. I continued walking and I needed to across the street
  to finally reach Cheonjiyon Waterfall. Before I acrossed the street, a pickup passed
  me and I was surprised to see that a group of  Haenyeo (women divers) sat on the
  back of the pickup. They looked so stunning, and really gave me a big smile as I
  have always admired them as I read a lot about their stories. I finally stood in
  front of the Cheonjiyon Waterfall, it was beautiful surrounded by amazing nature.
  On that day I must leave for Jeju City. I planned to stay for two days to enjoy
  the city life in the island. But on my first night at Jeju City, there was a thing
  bothering my mind...I wanted to go back to Seogwipo in the morning to see another
  waterfall, the one goes to the left direction from the T-Junction. I took very early
  bus back to Seogwipo in the next morning around 6AM to feed my curiosity. I got
  off of the bus at 8AM and started to track the direction to the Jeongbang Waterfall.
  I passed an empty road on the side of a big old house and the sign said it was a
  guesthouse. The other side was open space overgrown with weeds. Suddenly my heart
  beat so fast. I saw no one and I was really alone. I got the feeling that it might
  be dangerous to keep walking to that direction. There might be snakes or other dangerous
  animals around. But the sign said it clearly that the road goes to the waterfall.
  I kept aside my fear and I finally reach the wooden stairs go down. And I took a
  lot more stairs turn to keep going down. Finally.... I saw the ocean! Yes, the ocean
  with very strong waves and the load sound of the waves breaking the coral. The last
  step of the stair was the ocean. And I turned my head to the left of the stair and
  there it is.... Jeongbang Waterfall, the only waterfall in Asia that falls directly
  into the ocean. It was really breathtaking, it was so worthy for beating my fear.
  My heart still beat so fast though, it was a mixture of still having that fear and
  being so excited. Yes, I did not do as TLC sang because I went chasing waterfalls
  indeed, and it was the most breathtaking and adventurous journey I had in my life.'
