Title: Chinese Road to Hell
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/chinese-road-to-hell
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Katherine Starastsina
AuthorCountry: Belarus
Text: 'As they say "Nothing ventured, nothing gained", but at times one ventures and
  puts all at stake gaining nothing, or even worse, losing something valuable. In
  my case "my precious" was my own health. China was never number one on my "adventure
  wish" list. However, upon getting what seemed like an attractive job offer, I leaped
  into it without proper check-ups and investigation. According to the job description
  I was supposed to be teaching Italian and promoting the country''s most outstanding
  educational institutions. At that time all I craved was travelling and seeing it
  all with my own eyes. Whenever I closed them flashing images of the Great Wall,
  the Forbidden City, rice terraces and other internationally acknowledged beauties
  came rushing up. If I knew back then how it would end I would stop that slide show
  right away!

  But I did jump into the unknown and successfully landed in Beijing International
  Airport, where I met my mentor - a nervous, irritated middle-aged folk with concerned
  look on his face. First thing he asked me was whether I might want go to the sauna.
  Shocked as I was I dared reject his "lovely" suggestion and insisted on proceeding
  to the hotel, where I had stayed for two nights before getting a call from my "friend".
  He confirmed everything was ready for our trip to Tjianjin, my home base for the
  next 1,5 months. When my dear friend picked me up, I discovered there was one more
  girl from Russia waiting in the car. We got to chatting while on the road but our
  chaperone kept screaming in Chinese asking us to shut up. Somehow we made it to
  the city of glass sky scrapers and settled in a nice apartment. What we didn''t
  know but later found out to our astonishment was that the apartment was also our
  office, where the friend of ours, his personal cook and interpreter seemed to spend
  most of the day. Luckily, we took the room upstairs and had to sleep in one bed
  which was no problem as I had become very close with Anastasiya. We had a lot in
  common and enjoyed gossipping about our "guy", whose behaviour was similar to the
  one of an aggressive nuts. We had to pay the rent and sign what turned out to be
  a fake contract. He didn''t give us any keys so we had to follow him everywhere
  as if he were a sheikh with two wifes: he would walk in front with his chin up high
  and we would trudge behind. We depended on him as he took us out to eat but the
  places we went to! Lord, some greasy holes with shabby curtains and cockroaches
  on the walls. After two or three such outings we wormed  permission out of him and
  started to go out searching for edible food. Our friend talked only Chinese and
  addressed us via his interpreter, who we begged to explain what the organisation
  we worked for was dealing with. She didn''t say a word. Anyway, we were ordered
  to interview young female students who longed to study abroad. I taught no Italian,
  neither did I promote any universities. Fortunately for the both of us, after only
  one week of hell we met a wonderful Chinese lady named Victoria who used to study
  in Russia and spoke the language. We called home from her office and Anastasiya
  made a decision to head back home. Whereas I as a brave soldier guesses I would
  stay a while and look for a solution, say find a decent job as a teacher of English.
  The destiny sets its rules though. I fell sick and was diagnosed with hepatitis.
  Vic took me to the hospital where blood tests were run. When I asked our friend
  to help me get the medicine, he screamed and said the company held no responsibility
  for my health. The same day while I was in Vic''s office he turned off water, gas
  and electricity. The next morning I got my bags and moved in with Vic, where I stayed
  for a week before taking a flight home. It took me 8 weeks to cure but I was home.'
