Title: Chinadventure
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/chinadventure
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nina EL BAZ
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'There I was, sitting on the plane alone. After dreaming about this for months,
  it was finally becoming real. On my left side, a Chinese woman was eating a box
  of instant noodles with a pair of chopsticks, giving me a smelly idea of what was
  soon to come. On my right, a French man was focussed on reading a travel guide about
  the Middle Kingdom and the Great Wall. I was kind of excited, kind of nervous and
  could neither sleep nor do anything but wait for the plane to take off; my Chinadventure
  had started, and suddenly I was feeling incredibly free and happy.


  After a brief stop at Moscow airport, where I was surprised to discover that I couldn''t
  find a spot to light up a cigarette, another few hours of flying, this time seated
  between two Chinese passengers loudly snoring, I landed in Beijing. After making
  it through customs, I used the subway to find my hostel in a traditional yet touristic
  neighborhood.


  The streets were wide, the air felt different and some new smells came wafting into
  my nose.

  While I was walking, people stared at me, making me so uncomfortable that I thought
  something was wrong with my face. In fact, for the first time in my young life,
  I was discovering what it feels like to be part of a minority. For the first time,
  I was the stranger, and was realising that many people live this every day in my
  own country. Local people kept on looking at me, and frequently tried to start talking
  to me with the famous "Hello, laowai! Hello!", that we could translate as "Hello,
  old stranger, hello."


  To be honest, that was something I really hadn''t been expecting. I was so intimidated
  by the people staring at me that I didn''t dare stop walking, so I kept on exploring
  the city for hours on foot. At some point, I was so hungry that I had to stop to
  eat somewhere. The problem was, I didn''t speak Mandarin and couldn''t read a single
  menu in any of the restaurants. Just as I was getting desperate, a McDonald''s appeared
  around the next corner, and even though I was ashamed of eating something so far
  from the local food, I felt relieved to see something that looked somewhat familiar.

  After two days of being stared at and hearing laowai so often it began to feel like
  my new nickname, I arrived at the huge Beijing train station, where despite its
  size I couldn''t even find a place to sit before leaving the capital. The local
  people were squatting everywhere, in every place you could imagine, from the vast
  ticket hall, to the entry of the toilets, to the shops selling fresh food or instant
  noodles for just a few yuan each.


  For twenty two hours, the train I was in made its way across China, and through
  the window I could imagine what life would be like in the picturesque countryside.
  Lots of farms and fields passed by, as did industrial buildings and modern cities,
  and inside the train, lots of chinese people surprised to see me, a 22 year old
  French girl, alone. Three people asked me to take a selfie with them, so they could
  show their friends that there was a laowai in the train, and someone even took a
  picture of me as I was falling asleep in the too-short-for-my-legs middle bunk bed.


  The next day, I finally arrived in Wudangshan, a small town in the Hubei mountains,
  famous for its history as a home of Daoism philosophy and Tai Chi Chuan. I would
  stay there for nearly two months, studying Tai Chi and Kung Fu, eventually getting
  used to being called laowai and the constant stares, falling in love with those
  stunning mountain landscapes, those new and powerful physical practices and with
  this infinite, exciting and challenging discovery of myself.'
