Title: 'Chrissiesmeer: history, gin and boer koffie'
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/chrissiesmeer-history-gin-and-boer-koffie
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Candace Gray
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'Chrissiesmeer...


  Where do I begin! There are few places which I feel need to be raved about, and
  this is indeed one of them!


  It''s very much a "blink and you''ll miss it" town. Tiny but traditional in that
  there is a post office, a coffee shop, a church and of course, the pub. What made
  this place stand out so much was the true South African hospitality: very warm,
  honest and no bullshit. Also, the town is saturated in history from the boer wars.
  There are buildings dating back from the 1870''s, all old style sand-stone cut.


  So what exactly can you find there? The F.R.O.G coffee shop run by a very lovely
  woman who serves a flipping amazing moer koffie, made with Trekker (the taste is
  unmistakable) and sweet condensed milk. The shop is set as a replica of an old general
  store. You can just imagine an old boer parking his carriage outside, entering and
  asking for a bag of feed, a sack of coffee and some flour. They also host a wild
  flower "safari" every couple of months. A must do for botany enthusiasts! Then,
  just off the main road, towards the back of the town is the Old Jack Inn and the
  Billiard Room, which also has a small Gin Shop...oh my soul, that was my place!
  All the many gins imaginable, plus a locally distilled batch made by the owner...
  yes, I bought a bottle straight off the line, before it got the chance to be sealed
  and labelled: a citrus delight with notes of cinnamon. Delicious! The building is
  also a re-model of the old inn; with the structure and layout keeping true to the
  original.


  The Kaleidescope coffee shop was a gem we almost missed! The building looked modern
  from the outside, so naturally I thought it would be a more modern affair inside...wrong,
  wrong, wrong!!! It''s artsy, craftsy and the menu consists of roosterkoek with a
  choice of fillings. Yum!! Inside, there is a craftsman who custom builds guitars,
  electric and acoustic, using different types of wood. We''re talking woods like
  African Ivory, Red Bushwillow, etc. Each guitar is carefully built and perfectly
  finished. I was absolutely awe-inspired, but kept my fangirling to a minimum. There
  are homemade rusks, bags, locally made pottery, crocheted teddies, and tangy chilli
  sauce.


  And finally...Miss Chrissies Country House.... what a place. Simple, warm, comfortable,
  classic farm-style and so peaceful... the owners are fantastic folk. They love and
  care for their farm and are attentive to their guests. The food....oh wow! The food!
  Pure home-style, made with love and warms the belly. Our dinner was oxtail stew,
  sweet potato mash, pan fried seasoned veg; finished off with an indulgently rich
  peanut butter and caramel malva.... and sharing knowledge about different beers
  was something I will cherish for a while.


  For anyone passing through Chrissiesmeer, please stop a while and take in the town.
  It deserves attention and the breakaway it provides is utter perfection.'
