Title: 'Citizens of the world '
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/citizens-of-the-world
SetInCountry: Ukraine
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Iryna Babenko
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: 'How often do you use something not on its purpose? Eating in bed, propping
  up an old cupboard with a book, looking for love in tinder? :) I haven''t imagined
  that one lucky swipe right can bring down on you a series of the most amazing travel
  stories you''ve ever heard.


  We met online and till now he is the most incredible person I''ve ever seen. Don''t
  bother telling, I know that I am definitely prejudiced. My passion for traveling
  grows any crazy nomad almost to the scale of a superhero. But judge for yourself:
  do you know anyone who skydived into a rainbow circle? Or anyone who visited North
  Korea? Or anyone who was planning to quit his higly-paid gas engineer work to start
  a trip around the world on a yacht shared with his friend Miles? Ok, if friend''s
  name is not Miles - still counts :)


  I considered myself an experienced traveller before this meeting. Have been to Europre
  and Asia, was planning my frist trip to Central America. Though a guy who invited
  me to Notre dam de Pari ballet that evening could beat any of my travel story in
  one round. He was an aussie but showed up to me like a citizen of the world. His
  job in Saudi Arabia supposed 28 days shifts of working and 7 days of staying outside
  the country in order to law for foreign employees. Staying outside the country with
  a two-way ticket to any other state for company''s cost. How would you like that?


  He was the one who told me about this lifehack: use tinder to make a local connection.
  When you have to travel during a week every month, creativity is a vital necessity
  to avoid loneliness. Especially when you know that people might hate you for this
  "have to travel" thing - and getting to know with someone new might save your life
  :) So, he used the dating app in every country he visited and usually received a
  private free walking tour with someone local, friendly and English speaking. A great
  idea, isn''t it?


  I thought it was, so tried this strategy in my next trip to Germany. Guess what
  - it worked for me aswell! I met a friendly local guy who told me so much about
  reality of living in Germany that not a single excursion could have told. Of course,
  we talked about travelling for a half of our meeting time - and he told me a story
  about his friends who made a month trip around Switzeland for only $10. But this
  is a completely different story :)


  For the aussie his making a local connection with me became a fun memory. At least,
  I hope so :) And for me it was a kaleidoscope of ideas, lifehacks and unbelievable
  adventures that can become reality for anyone who dares to fullfil own dreams. A
  breath of inspiration to discover the world and meet people all around.'
