Title: Closer to the dream
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/closer-to-the-dream
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Karina Achaeva
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: 'The biggest dream I have ever had in my life is to visit the USA. I could not
  help but wonder how great it is to see the life I have always seen on the screen
  - stories from favourite movies and series, streets that are so familiar, habits
  that are well known since our childhood. Being born in ordinary familiy with no
  extra income for a long distance traveling I was dreaming about visiting this magic
  country no matter what. I was ready to go there by absolutely any means: Couchserfing,
  Workaway, Volunteering, Workning - I was constantly searching for affordable ways
  to go to the USA. I came closer to my dream by participating in international volunteering
  work camps, which I discovered 3 years ago. The reality exceeded all my expectations
  - I got to know people from around the world, visited small towns and communicated
  with local community, spending less money on the whole trip. To tell the truth,
  I almost let go of the idea of traveling to the USA, because I could not find any
  good camps in there. One day, when I was searching for volunteering camps for summer
  2018, I accidentally found the only available option in the US - and it was perfect!
  Not only it was located near New York - the city of my dreams, but also provided
  great facilities and accommodation as well as work content. I applied and the next
  day I got a message that my dream is about to came true and I was going to the US!
  But not that easy: by the time I got approved to this camp, I realized that there
  was no available places for submitting my visa application for interview in the
  embassy in Russia. Nevertheless, I found the way out - I traveled to London, to
  get my visa! So here I was, in the city of my dreams - in New York, having branches
  on Sunday, going with a cup of coffe by the 5th Avenue and working out in the Central
  Park - literally living the life of my dreams that I have always imagine before
  going to sleep. But the best part was waiting for me. The work camp in New Hapshire
  started in the end of July in a small town Newport surrounded by spectacular mountains
  and forests. I have met people from different countries with whom we become friends
  later on and spent amazing two weeks together. What is more, in this project we
  got to communicate with locals and discover the real life of the United States.
  We ate at traditional American diners, organized Sunday concerts, made apple pies
  for charity fairs, went hiking with experienced people and were canoeing in the
  lake Sunapee. It was truly another universe for me: on one hand, I always was watching
  such a lifestyle in American movies, on the other hand, it feels so unusual and
  good at the same time to live this life in reality. Those two weeks were the the
  best thing that ever happen to me, and I will always be grateful for such an experience.
  This is an example that if you dream about something - it will happen for sure if
  you believe strongly in your dreams and yourself. For me, there is nothing better
  in this world but travelling. While travelling, you not only having a rest or entertaining,
  you also get a new experience, expand your horizons and come close in the understanding
  of the people and the world. You never come back the same after a new journey: each
  country, every person and every view shape your personality and change your view.
  Traveling is life!'
