Title: 'Coconuts and Mangos for Breakfast '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/coconuts-and-mangos-for-breakfast
SetInCountry: Bahamas
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Arissa Ferkic
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: There we just landed in Atlanta and were ready to check in to Nassau /Bahamas
  . I was with my brother, he was so chilled out and relaxed ,we were sharing his
  headphones ,watched some comedys and ate these full of fat food in the food mall
  of the Airport of Atlanta. I was so excited and nervous for this holiday ,it felt
  like my first family holiday in ages. I didnt know what to expect. When we were
  strolling down the Airport ,we passed by her. She just looked so natural,strong
  and powerful.Surrounded by all of her family. Since her first Hit "Be the One"which
  had exploded the charts I listened to her music. What a sign that I saw her. I couldnt
  believe my eyes. My brother pushed me to go and ask her for a photo. I was so shy
  but I realised she was just a normal human being like us  ,traveling to a beautiful
  Island. What a blessing that I saw her and her pure beauty with no make up on. My
  brother and my whole family had the greatest three weeks on Bahamas I will never
  forget. Mornings swims in the pool and walks through a garden with lemontrees ,
  fresh mangos and coconuts for breakfast ,self cooked meals and funny card games
  or dart competitions in the evenings. Pina coladas and our all favourite "The Pina
  Colada Song". We enjoyed and sang loudly this music track when we drove to the most
  amazing turquoise sand beaches . Getting first red and then brown skin. Found bestseller
  books at an open beach library. Or we were sad about an suffering street dog who
  luckily got treats from a compassionate tourist.  We explored the hotel Atlantis
  where we were amazed by plenty of sharks and rays .But we prefer to see the fishes
  and a small ray swim freely in the ocean. Im still so grateful for the most amazing
  experiences. And for sure the dance moves I learned from the bahamian dancers on
  the "Junkanoo Festival". So impressive and energetic .Its three month ago and after
  all Im so happy when I look back ,stand in front of the mirror and practise shaking
  my booty the way they shake it. What holiday can top this one?  Life is a blessing
  and there is so much more to explore in this beautiful world. Im up for creating
  a new adventure. You too ? Come and join me :) Kind regards,  Arissa Ferkic
