Title: Cold Land on A Hot Earth
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/cold-land-on-a-hot-earth
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Muhammad Zakyul  Fikri
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'This is the story of me and my family when we went to Takengon in Central Aceh,
  which is located in Aceh Province. In Aceh, we can find many beautiful places like
  "Ie Seuum" Hot Spring, some waterfalls, Tapak Tuan, City Forest and others. There
  are two places in Aceh that are known by world, namely the Tsunami Museum, in which
  there are photos and videos during the Tsunami, and the second place is the floating
  PLTD Ship located in Punge Blang Cut, Banda Aceh.


  There is one are that I have visited, the air is very cold and it is located in
  the mountains, Takengon, Central Aceh. There are several place that I visited in
  Takengon, the first was Putri Pukes, many people said that there was a daughter
  who was crying who had become a statue. After that, my family and I continued our
  journey to Lut Tawar Lake, the scenery there was very beautiful because it was on
  a mountain and I took time to take pictures and eat there and I played banana boat
  with my family until I was tired and we immediately went home. Before arriving at
  home, we stopped at the satay restaurant for dinner. After arriving at home, my
  brother and I went outside to buy Gayo Coffee, which is widely known to the world.


  The next day, my brother and I went to the coldest place. When we reached the top,
  our body must have been frozen. The place was called Burni Telong, that was the
  most exciting and beautiful place when I went to Takengon, where we wore layers
  of clothing because it was very cold, we reached the top of Burni Telong at 6 a.m.
  When we returned home, I immediately got on a fever.


  That is my story when my family and I went to Takengon, Central Aceh. At Takengon
  it was very interesting, exciting, and amazing. If I have more time, surely I will
  go again to Central Aceh.'
