Title: Cold sway
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/cold-sway
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Sofia Catalina Anton Wozny
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'This story is about a girl trying to find herself in a way she didn''t expected.
  Adeline, a young adult of 25 years old, has always been perfectionist and needs
  everyone''s approval before taking any decision. Her small city in Chile has been
  the perfect place to grow, but it''s not enough to her traveling mind. She has always
  been centered, a good student and a passionate for languages, but love life hasn''t
  always been her strong point. After a huge fight against her parents because off
  a job she didn''t want to take, she will decide to take all her stuff and her savings
  and will take the next flight, no matter what her destiny would be. Canada will
  be the place where she will travel to learn to believe in herself and take her options
  in life, according to her heart. In the middle of this adventure, she will meet
  an old lady who will give her a place to stay and will help her find her way, through
  some stories from her young life. Also, love will knock her door, but she will have
  to leave all her stereotypes outside and learn to love in a way she had never imagine:
  accepting her right to be wrong and seeing the beauty of every mistake. She will
  have to learn to love in another language, to understand new manners and lifestyles.
  After 3 months she will have to take the hard decision to stay in Canada or to come
  back home, starting to feel that home might be somewhere else.

  All of her learnings will be uploaded in her blog, called "Cold sway", name that
  makes reference to the sway in life: we never know when are we going to go next
  and how this will change our way to see the life.  Each week, she will wright what
  she has seen, lived and feel and the story will be told through every upload: this
  means that the format won''t be the usual.'
