Title: Colorless of Colorfulness in the Red-white Colored Country
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/colorless-of-colorfulness-in-the-red-white-colored-country-2
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Muhammad Shovian Hadi Al Baihaqy
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Hello readers, so this is what i found when i''m on Indonesia. First of all,
  do you guys know what is Indonesia? Indonesia is a multi cultural country that has
  been independent since 17 August 1945, which is usually used for "Semangat ''45"
  by native here that basically means "spirit to survive", so, first thought about
  Indonesia usually about it''s rich nature gifts, which is true, but that''s not
  the only part i''m interested about. here''s what it is:

  1.Nature

  First thing first, I agree with that nature gift''s thought, that''s natural since
  Bali was internationally known by it''s nature, but if you think that Indonesia
  was all about a single paradise, YOU ARE WRONG. Indonesia has approximately 17.000+
  islands, and most of them have beautiful things to see. Let''s say you''re going
  to Borneo, it surely has many beaches but it also has mountains and the most challenging
  part of this island is it''s forest. You might have seen many people go there to
  do sort of experiment or observation to the nature, and that''s what you''ll find,
  there you find a flourish island with it''s variative kind of animals and plants
  (fun fact : Orangutan comes from Bahasa word that Orang means Person and H(utan)
  means forest, so basically it means a Forest guy).

  2.Language

  Talking about language, Indonesia has so many languages, approximately it''s 300
  of native languages in Indonesia, and the most spoken language is Javanese. Javanese
  is a language from Java island, the most populous island in Indonesia, that are
  spoken mostly on east Java, central Java, and the special district Jogjakarta (fun
  fact : you probably know about the programming language Java language, it is named
  after this island too), the other native languages that spoken in this island are
  Sundanese (west Java), Maduranese (east Java), Osingnese (east Java) and any other
  languages that probably are derivatives from those main language. Because of that,
  Indonesia became the top 3 Trilingual Country that they spoke in their native languages,
  their national language (Bahasa Indonesia) and English. Bahasa Indonesia is a language
  that spoken throughout the country since it was declared by the youth of Indonesia
  in the past, that their national language is Bahasa Indonesia, and this means that
  since then, Bahasa Indonesia has become the "lingua franca" to the Indonesians.
  you might be asking "why don''t you guys just use the most spoken languages, Javanese
  as your ''lingua franca''?". Indonesia has so many different languages, but they
  don''t want that there''s a special language, so they took Malay language (that
  also spoken in Malaysia), and then later it''s derived to Bahasa Indonesia by any
  other language .

  3.People and Culture

  Languages has strong relation to diversity of culture and Ethnic group in Indonesia.
  Referred from Wikipedia, Indonesia has at least 300 Ethnic groups that spread all
  over the country. The most populous Ethnic group is also Javanese and followed by
  Sundanese and then Batak. "di mana tanah dipijak di situ langit dijunjung" is a
  quotes from Indonesian proverb that said that where you step, there''s sky to be
  lift, that basically means to respect the other''s culture as we step and that''s
  how Indonesian could maintain their "Unity in Diversity" even though they are really
  diverse by languages, culture, religion, and also race or Ethnic group.

  4.Food

  And now we are on the favorite part, FOOD!. Those diversity also brings them a lot
  kind of food here, most of the food are spicy food that Indonesian love to eat something
  hot. The most popular food is Rendang (according to CNN, Rendang is one of the most
  delicious food in the world). It is a spicy dish which there is meat inside it with
  a lot if spices. Indonesia is also vegetarian-friendly country that there''s a lot
  of food that made out of vegetable, such as Tahu and Tempe (kind of soy-bar), Gudeg
  (a meat-like dishes that made from Nangka fruit), Gado-gado (kind of salad with
  peanut sauce), etc. Food in Indonesia is also considered cheap, for a dish of Pecel
  it only costs you Rp. 8.000 (Rp. 14.000/$).

  Conclusion:

  So there''s a lot of interesting things here, actually there''s many to tell, but
  it''s limited, thank you!'
