Title: Colors of night in Florence
DateModified: '2019-02-23'
DatePublished: '2019-02-23'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/colors-of-night-in-florence
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Muhammad Nauman Saud Raja
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: September of 2018 me and my wife jave an appointment in Questura di pisa police
  station of pisa for renew my wife,s residence permit next day was an appointment.
  We getting ready for this journey. We take all related documents also we take home
  cooked Chiken Biryani rice in two portions biscuits chips and cold drinks then leave
  for Terni train station. When we reached terni station purchased train tickets to
  Florence city. Train was not direct that should be changed in Orte station. We take
  train from Terni during journy i talking to my mom on phone and forget to take another
  train then we arrived in Roma Tibrutina station. Me and my wife exited from train
  to find another train of Florence. 1 hour cant find any train to florence then i
  said to my wife open the portion of chicken biryani rice becouse i am Hungary. She
  said we should go to bar that is inside the roma tiburtina station. We take table
  and we share together Biryani rice. After we cheked time table of trains then we
  find train going to Florence. After taking the train we reached in florence in 4
  hours at 2 o'clock at night.i lived Florence before 1 year after i changed the city
  of some reasons but my wife never seen before florence becouse she arrived in Italy
  from Pakistan some months ago. She want to visit florence. Station was full of life.
  I showed her streets of Florence Arno river Bridges of Florence and specially famous
  bridge Ponte Vechio. Fountain where love birds i mean different couple writes their
  names on lock and locked on fontain after throw the key into river. We take many
  picturs there. After we visited Piazza Singioria there are open air museum. There
  are many Statutes made by Michal Angelo an artist of old times. After i show her
  Grand Cathedral of Florence. She liked beauty of cathedral and night beauty of Florence
  city. At 4 o clock we tired and me and my wife sat on stairs of central cathedral.
  In 5 minutes we dont know and we sleepy. 6 o clock i get up my wife was not sleeping.
  Now i asked her just we missed a place in florence name is Michael Angelo where
  is a very famous David,s statue but its very far from central cathedral. I try to
  fine any bus or taxi but can't. We take juices and drinks and chips and walking
  in streets of Florence. Then i ask my wife lets go to meet my Italian friend he
  is working near station in a Hotel. We take five minutes walk and reached at Albion
  Hotel. I said you wait here and i ring the bell of Albion hotel. No one come outside.
  Second time i rang bell after Mr Daniele arrived and he open the door of hotel.
  He said what a surprise you are here and he said i am very happy to see you here
  you shifted to Florence back or not then i said no i am living in Terni but i have
  an appointment at Pisa and Florence is on the way of pisa thats why i came here
  for visit and now i am not alone i am with my wife. I called her please come here
  after she said Ciao (Hello) to him. Daniele said very nice and nice to meet both
  of you. After i said to Daniele now we are late becouse we should take train of
  Pisa at 7 o'clock. We said good bye to him and then going to station Santa Maria
  Novella Florence. Train was 20 minutes late we decide to take a coffe in McDonneld.
  I take cappuccino and for my wife Latte Macchiato and some Pastries. We walked all
  around station.We purchased tickets of train to Pisa city from train station's automatic
  machine. My wife said to me it was amazing visit of the city we seen night view
  of city but she says next time when we came here we will discover beauty of city
  at day time. Also we will visit famous Michael Angelo,s David statue. Florence city
  is a beautifull city
