Title: Come away with me
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/come-away-with-me
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Alyssa Andrews
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Imagine, if you will, a place. And within that place dwells your inner most
  cherished dreams. However, your dream mustn't be of the fickle sort. It must be
  rich, awash with glory and adventure. What if I were to tell you that such a dream
  does indeed reside within me, just as it does all of us? I often find that the colorful,
  exuberant places we create within the recesses of our minds are often our inner
  most secretive desires. You see, when I think of my desires, I see a feeling. Not
  a place. Shocking, isn't it? I can see it so clearly, it's right there in front
  of me. It bekins me home, eager to grasp my hand. It's waiting for me to take that
  leap, regardless of my fear of failure. I can smell the rich soil beneath my toes.
  I can taste the sunlight upon my lips as they drip with sweet, tangy sweat. I never
  knew precisely where I could find such a place. All I know is that it has been awaiting
  me for many years. Pulling and tugging, hinting and longing. I feel the universal
  pull toward my impending happiness that shall be obtainable only once I've boarded
  a plane and allow my nimble feet to carry me forward to my destiny. The thought
  of a spontaneous trip in an unknown territory holds the sweet promise of fulfillment,
  does it not? The irksome and irresistible temptation has flooded my senses, claiming
  me as it's victim. How I long to get lost within this great ocean of bodies until
  I find myself where I was always intended to be. Allow me to come home, allow me
  to find out precisely what adventure it is that has been awaiting me. The world
  isn't nearly as large as I once allowed myself to believe. The corners of the universe
  are just outside. I wonder what sort of creatures lurk within them. I wonder just
  how long they've been anticipating my arrival. Can they feel me coming, ever closer?
  Do they sense my melancholy and malice as my mind sweeps over each ocean and through
  each mountain pass? I am already there. I am here, right alongside them. We run
  through the hills and leap through wild flower fields awash with warm sunlight.
  We drag our feet through the cold, slippery stones beneath the water of every hidden
  brooke. We throw ourselves to the heavens, arms outstretched and faces upturned.
  Perhaps our joy is in account of our knowledge. You see, we know the truth. We see
  the world for what she is; a great and wicked lover. Her soft feet push us towards
  our fate, towards our place. Her voluptuous arms caress our woe's from our aching
  foreheads and send us on our way. She knows there is a greater adventure that awaits
  us all. As we flee and fight, tug and writhe towards the inevitable; we are never
  doing so alone. The journey of life is never one that we adventure on alone. She
  is there right alongside us. She'll tug and she shall whisper direction. Yet that
  place, that particular place we invision within the secret corners of our minds
  can be ours alone. I know you can see it now, I can see it too. When you close your
  eyes and allow your dreams to caress your mind, you can see it. That secret place
  you whisper into the air each night in hopes that the stars will carry your hopes
  into the sky for safekeeping. I know that place is out there, waiting for my feet
  to kiss it's face and greet it as a long forgotten lover. I see it in my mind's
  eye, I can see myself reaching for it as I leap towards the hills. Barefoot and
  free, my delicious place does indeed await me. I wonder, does yours await you as
  well? Will you reach for it as I do? Shall you close your eyes and make love to
  her name, ripe and unafraid; placid and waiting with heaving breathe upon your lips?
  The journey tends to be the ease of the entire trip, not the ending.
