Title: 'coming home was a mistake '
DateModified: '2019-02-08'
DatePublished: '2019-02-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/coming-home-was-a-mistake
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Tyler  Crusham
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Coming home is a mistake. You fall in love, become entranced by this illusion
  of an extension of yourself, further losing yourself. Coming home seemed like the
  gut thing to do at the time. In that airport at 3am in Dallas, tears dropping on
  your notepad at the idea and action of giving up. You've let yourself down. You
  miss your bed but you're making a mistake. You keep telling yourself this is the
  right thing to do. You even think of a plan. You fantasize about the outcome, the
  happy ending you've always wanted, the ending you make yourself believe true. But
  the blunt truth is that's just not true for everyone. Probably not for you. You
  have to start over. Find a new job. Because the one you bailed on to go west loves
  you but can't take you back. They'd love to but how can they trust you'd stick around.
  You'd probably hit the road again in a month or two. Leaving them stranded, hitch-hiking
  for a replacement because the world revolves around you. And you don't care about
  some job. You don't have any actual plans but you definitely don't plan to work
  any actual job. No. Your plan is to carve a valley out of land like some god but
  you're no god. He is dead. And so are you! You just feel alive when you see mountain
  views and breathe salty O2's. Rubber tramping the coasts. Boon-docking in residential
  neighborhoods next to the beach in southern california to keep the spirit alive.
  Storms rolling in, you and her make love under the pitter pattering on the roof.
  You recall back to the last time like this in the Blue Ridge Mountains, we raced
  to find a campsite in the back country and you nearly had a panic attack until some
  sweet angel gave up their site just before dawn. It all comes together in time.
  And you think you have forever at the time. Until you decide to come back home.
  Then it's only a matter of time, you keep telling yourself, until you get back out
  there. It's only a matter of someone, something pushing you. But a push. Until then,
  you keep telling yourself again and again and again; coming home was a mistake.
