Title: Confession
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/confession
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Kunal Joshi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Once the largest cannon on wheels in the world now the pride of Rajputs. As
  I stood in front of it I thought, why?


  My friend kept telling me to visit her at Jaipur alas travelling solo is not my
  cup of tea. But I did hoped to bare my heart in front of her. Standing at the gates
  of Jaipur Junction I still didn''t know why did I choose to visit here. While walking
  through the streets, seeing perfect combination of old and new among the red stone
  city walls. Somebody did their job perfectly naming it Pinkcity. As me and her stood
  atop Nahargarh watching, catching the last dimming rays of sun fading ever so slowly
  but lighting up the city and her face seemed a cool breeze in the evening of summer.


  The lights of Amber made me forget of the Northern lights. ''Amer logo ka hai or
  log Amer ke'' , Amer is of people and people are of Amer. It is said that once a
  Rajput promises something he will fulfill it or die trying there are no other options.
  And the city is living proof of it. While we made our way as fast as we can to Choki
  Dhani our last stop of the night, ignoring the urge to just stop and spend the rest
  my life gazing at the Hawa Mahal. Or at the old Jaipur looking like a bride to be,
  a Christmas in New York. We reached, bonfire at parking, due to winter, was somthing
  first of it''s kind.


  No one person can eat a whole plate their, however much they want to. Filling our
  stomachs with food of unmatched flavors and unmatched hospitality of Rajasthan I
  was famished. Sitting on the bench, watching Ghoomar, under the night full of star
  gaze confessing my feelings seemed so easy and perfect, so confess I did pulling
  her in my arms  ''I fell in love with this city''.'
