Title: Conquering the Jungle without Coffee
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/conquering-the-jungle-without-coffee
SetInCountry: Sri Lanka
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Katsiaryna Pauliuchenka
AuthorCountry: Belarus
Text: 'My connection story takes off from an ordinary chat with a guy named Lukas
  who I met on Couchsurfing website. I was planning a travel to Sri Lanka and felt
  like getting my teeth into a real adventure but the priority lied in mingling with
  the locals as much as possible. I genuinely believe that once you learn the people,
  you embrace the culture and the latter undoubtedly represents a country''s uniqueness.
  Well, my flowing into the community started smoothly: I was renting a small cottage
  in the village in Beruwala area and in a couple of days I payed visits to all my
  neighbours. A family with one-legged father, five children with their parents, crowded
  in a small hut, the smiling lady whose husband works with wood and carves the most
  exquisite things. I got gifts for them and we seemed to bond. In a few days I set
  off for Kandy to set my foot on the Bogambara lakeshore and get to know Lukas better.
  I didn''t know how much he had planned for my stay. Needless to say, Kandy area
  strikes at first sight: splendid watefalls, tea plantations, indigenous jungle all
  over the place. Amazing how locals in small villages manage to preserve their traditions
  that go back for centuries., how they honour their ancestors and always give thanks
  for everything. To us, inhabitants of stone and glass cosmopolitan cities, this
  kind of fidelity and attachment to something so simple and ordinary seem puzzling
  and bewildering. What I expected the least was that Lukas had some distant relatives,
  hiding in the jungle and calling themselves the Veddas. I knew little about Sri
  Lanka''s aborigenes and the night before our trip to Passikudah got enlightened
  on the subject. Lukas''s wife, Sharina, comes from the tribe and I must say she
  is a true beauty (Lukas could be the beast and I would be telling a story called
  ''The beauty and the beast" now, but he turned out to be the most amiable and generous
  man I have ever met among Sri Lankans). We set off very early at about 3.50 am and
  headed straingt into the jungle. The road took almost three hours and went through
  bumpy roads, tricky and dangerous turns, steep slopes and all this time I was dying
  from the lack of coffeine (us, Starbucks fans). The first thing I asked for when
  we arrived was a cup of anything that at leasts smells like coffee but got some
  type of herbal liquid which turned out to be the most delicious tea I have ever
  tasted. I will never forget that aroma and the feeling of flowers on my lips. Sadly,
  the tea is only made by the Veddas in that area and is not for sale. The elders
  of a small tribe of 36 members greeted us and took to a beautifully designed hut,
  covered with huge dried leaves of some tree. Inside there was a fire in the center
  and we sat on stones around it. Men and women were so friendly and nice, they kept
  smiling and handing us all kinds of treats, from self-made honey to pieces of delicious
  fish which name I could never remember. We didn''t do the bow contest or dancing
  around the fire in tribal dresses but undertook the most exciting ascent to the
  inceribly magnificent waterfall. The road to it went through curvy paths and lianas
  that trapped you every time you didn''t pay attention. But it was all worth it even
  the unavailability of a hot latte. We picked some strange mushrooms that Veddas
  use for the medicine, caught some fish in the waterfall lake and made a fire witht
  the use of stones. It was a true adventure I will never forget, but most importantly
  the memories of the incredible, kind-hearted and altrustic people I encountered
  will stay fresh for a long long time.'
