Title: Couchsurfing Friend
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/couchsurfing-friend
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Robert Elcivir Rulona
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: 'I''m waiting at Lembar Port, nervous as I don''t even speak the language, and
  waiting for my couchsurfing host to arrive. It was my first time using the couchsurfing
  app, and I met Johdi, who was willing to host me for a few days in Lombok.


  That day finally came, an a bundle of nerves were inside me. Here am I, on a foreign
  country, alone, battery of the phone already dead and no one to even ask for directions
  because of a big language barrier.


  "Have I made the right decision?"


  "Is that person I saw in the internet real?"


  "Will he even show up to meet me?"


  "And if he won''t, how am I going to figure my way out?"


  As I was pacing around anxiously at the port, one of the guards called me and standing
  beside them was a chubby guy with glasses and casual outfit in a motorcycle waving
  at me. As soon as I saw him, relief and a smile flooded my face.


  I knew that I was worrying for nothing. And I knew, I''m going to have a good time
  in my stay.


  And I did had a great time indeed, he showed me around the island, visited some
  of the great beaches around Lombok, especially the ones not frequented by tourists,
  had some of the food that''s not just common around Indonesia, but the ones that
  are uniquely around the area and some of those are really spicy. He even took me
  to Mount Rinjani National Park, just to help me buy some coffee even if we had a
  mishap with the motorcycle along the way.


  But the biggest thing that he taught me is that he showed me is the day to day living
  of an ordinary Indonesian person. He showed it to me in his home, when I had to
  sleep in the floor because the house was too tiny even for a bed to fit in. He showed
  it through the places that we''ve been and chatting along with the repairman, the
  coffee farmers that I''ve met and even the barber, on just how hard it is to earn
  a living there as an ordinary Indonesian. I also met some of his friends and saw
  a window of his life as a school teacher.


  As in all things, everything has to end as as I bid farewell to him in Lembar port
  after a four day stay with him, the biggest thing that he taught me is to stop worrying
  on things that are not in control and live life focusing in each moment of the day.
  I learned by living a day or two in his shoes that how hard it is just to earn money
  and that I shouldn''t take things for granted. Lastly, he taught me that I shouldn''t
  let culture, religion and language be a barrier in order to have a great time and
  to make friends along the way.


  Any by the way, we''re still keep in touch and he said that if I go back to Lombok
  again, his home will be open for me to be his guest. That''s when I realized that
  I had made a great Indonesian friend.'
