Title: 'Couch at the sea '
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/couch-at-the-sea
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Baiba Lange
AuthorCountry: Latvia
Text: 'Few years ago I went on my dream trip to Thailand, like most of the young students
  with blinking highlights  in their mind - "backpacking is cool", "Let''s have an
  adventure!"

  So with light blue backpack, like a vertical turtle  I was traveling together with
  my Spanish friend Jose. Started our trip in Malaysia, then heading to Singapore,
  to keep my dream land last- as a dessert.:) Mostly we used Couchsurfing and local
  people hospitality, if we were not lucky- hostels were a good option too.

  While traveling with someone- you realize,that the person can show their other sides
  of their personality, that you haven''t explored yet. And when one traveler is more
  interested in knowing local language and spending time to chat, other wants to keep
  on going to see places- happens exactly the same when you try to press on cassette
  player at the same time "fast forward" and "rewind" buttons.. So our "traveling
  together tape" was broken and we went each in their own direction. It was great
  decision, as there are some places in your life, where you can only go alone. And
  extra male (even if he was not my boyfriend) next to you can be protective, but
  at the same time repulsive. So as a desperate female traveler looking for couch
  in Phi-phi island, when hostels were too expensive for my budget- Couchurfing gave
  me  an amazing opportunity! Tom, retired aviation pilot from USA is sailing around
  Asia and has stopped at Phi phi island. I had a pick up with his dinghy boat, and
  met there another crew members- girls from Russia and Estonia. So from the side
  it looked bit strange- 3 young Eastern girls together with aged man from USA...Though
  it was the best experience- exploring Phi-Phi island together, preparing meals and
  cocktails together on the boat, enjoying amazing sunsets on the deck, while Russian
  girl was playing flute. Then I had an idea- I loaded out from my backpack- hammock
  that I bought in Krabi, hung up at the sailing boat - So my couch at the sea in  a
  billion star hotel was ready. we anchored exactly on Maya bay, where movie "Beach"
  was taken. Passed there 2 days- in the day time swimming and snorkeling with colorful
  fishes, chasing  swordfish, and escaping from tourists on the small beach, which
  we could easily reach from our boat. It was amazing to have this luxury opportunity
  to stay there for 2 days, while tourists were allowed to be in this beach only for
  few hours...Having a cocktail, waiting for sunset and meanwhile watching the last
  tourist boats leaving the bay- we were all alone on Maya bay. it was time for night
  swim..and see shiny sky and also water- with bio-luminescence plankton''s- with
  every move then shined brighter than  sky..

  Remembering this adventure- I always  keep on smiling. Learning how to carry less,
  and collect more moments, that will actually weight more than my luggage.

  Thank you Thailand- the land of Smiles. I have always one on my lips, when remembering
  about you!


  Baiba'
