Title: Country Above The Clouds
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/country-above-the-clouds
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nita Amalia
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: On July 2018, I am with my friends wanted to go to Country Above The Clouds.
  It located at Dieng, West Java. After we rent a car, we go to Dieng from Semarang.
  It such an interesting day.  We leave Semarang at 03.00 AM. The sky is still dark.
  A half hour later, something was made me excited. The sky changed the colour into
  pink perfection. Of course, the sun was rising in the morning. So we stopped for
  a while to take a selfie together. After that, we continued our travel. At 07.00
  pm we arrived at Dieng Plateau. It the first time for me to visit Dieng. The air
  so fresh and the water very cold like a cube of ice in the tub. The first day we
  visit Telaga Warna and meet tourist from England. Telaga Warna has a different colour.
  Based on the story from local people, The colour of Telaga Warna come from the colour
  of the queen and his daughter clothes. Then, we continued our next destination to
  try local food called Koclok Noodle it such a portion of delicious food.  After
  that we pray together, we visit the mosque. That the first time, I felt so freezes
  because of the water. In my mind, I'm scared to take a bath for anything reasonable.
  Huh, so we continued our next destination to Arjuna Temple. The temperature was
  cooling down in the evening. I felt freeze. Before I came to this place, There are
  so many ices as snow. I visit there because I'm excited about it. But I'm not lucky.
  The ices nothing there. It's okay .. I still enjoy that place. We made a vlog together,
  slow-motion video and take some pictures. Until the night has come. So we leave
  that incredible place to the homestay. Because of the temperature of 12 degrees
  Celsius, I felt hungry. So we search meal to refuse the drum band from my tummy.
  How surprised! when I go out from our homestay. There are so many fogs. It is not
  because of fire. It just because of the temperature. When I see the temperature
  showing 12 degrees Celsius. That's why this place was called Country Above The Clouds.  Next
  day, we start to go from homestay at 5 pm. We want to visit Bukit Sikunir to see
  the golden rise. I can't say any words. I just say Subhanallah at the moment I see
  the golden rise. It makes me felt so numb, and nothing as a person. In that place,
  I realized I'm just an ordinary human. I'm nothing without god hand. Since that,
  I try to change to be a better person. It such a leap into the unknown that I ever
  had.
