Title: country across
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/country-across
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Rera Haiefinah
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'the outdoors is so beautifully felt.

  all the natural fragrances that are created from the beach, so very interesting
  to me. calls from areas across the southern sea, where people I love: friends. separated
  during a vacation with a long enough period of time, made me want to visit his house.

  across the country with the myth that "hard-hearted people". for some reason most
  people say that. believe not believe, because a friend that I have has a character
  like that and some do not. so, you could say the myth has a truth and it hurts.

  for example, one of my friends named Dinda who came from an overseas country had
  a strong character, but she was very kind, friendly, courageous and absorbed. different
  between character and name. because usually, in Indonesia the call "Dinda" is a
  call for women to areas that still adhere to the kingdom.

  and one of my friends named Intan was gentle, kind, shy and if he already knew it
  was a bit fussy. same as the name "Intan" but different from where he lives. that
  is in a country across the ocean. country with the character of hard people.

  I visited the other country with one of my friends. towards the peacock port we
  use a car. when he arrived there, we immediately queued tickets for ships. wait
  for 2 hours to get to the opposite port. then we need to use a car to get to the
  destination. because of the long distance to arrive at the white sand. when I first
  set foot in the country across to ride a car, I think the myth is true. because
  during the trip the driver drove the car so fast. even though it is on a busy road.
  me and my friend are so scared. I told him "don''t want to die now". thankful, we
  arrived at our destination safely. We met Dinda and Diamond (their house was close
  together) who were so happy to see us at their place. overseas. because, we will
  be together for a few days to go to play, to the place the host country wants to
  show across. the first day, we were given time by the host to look around. because
  we just arrived from far away. so, need adequate rest. on the second day, we went
  to the leaning island on a rented boat. from a distance, the island looks like a
  small mountain. but when we looked in the opposite direction, there were 2 other
  mountains. so beautiful scenery. 2 mountains, white coastal islands, and the shape
  of the island from a distance when we take a boat we are happy, on the second day
  trip in the country across the south. felt, like not wanting to go home and return
  to the activities that exist. feeling tired Last day, we spent buying souvenirs
  from across the country. then our bodies returned from the other country, but the
  mind and soul were still closely integrated with the pleasant experience there.'
