Title: Courage to make decisions
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/courage-to-make-decisions
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Caroline Oliveira
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: Catherine starts her day as usual, all day was the same, she is always disappointed
  with her life. More than one year ago, she got fired from her job and she stooped
  paying the rent and had to left the flat in the big city of Sao Paulo, with no money
  and alone in life, she came back to the family's house at a small town.  Everyday
  in this new situation, she got up and thought about what she could do with her life
  to change everything, keep looking for a job at Sao Paulo city? to start own business?
  But how can she open a business without any money? Or maybe travel abroad? She loves
  travelling, the only thing in her life that she really loved to was buying a fly
  ticket, writing a script for her new travel around and packing her stuffs. She just
  has one car, she could sell the car, get the money and go, simple like that, but
  for the other hand, she was a little bit afraid, because she would change everything
  in her life and maybe afraid about her age, she was no longer 20. Searching for
  all  countries around the world Catherine learns about Ireland, the Emerald Island,
  she could go to study English and working as well, may would be not a very nice
  job, but would be some bills paid and trips made by Europe. She really needed to
  find out a purpose to her life in this existence, and Ireland could be the answer.
  Dublin could be a very nice city to live, super busy, parties, pubs, joy in the
  air, new friends, culture, too much history, beautiful landscapes and a population
  receptive. Catherine was with fear, but even so she faced them and go to a new world
  with lots of adventurous, a new kind of life, amusing surprises, and the most important
  thing about the unknown was the freedom she felt when landed at the green Island
  and realized the noisy winds hitting her face. It was an exciting moment,  she was
  sure to have made the perfect decision of her life to came abroad, she is alive,
  motivated, prepared for a battle, for new challenge and knowledge. Ireland gave
  her all the purposes she was looking for, the peace and love reigned in her heart.
