Title: Covering mountains and inching valleys
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/covering-mountains-and-inching-valleys
SetInCountry: Armenia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Naba Sami
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was like a fresh morning which that opened too many doors to my unravelled
  mission of life. It seemed to be a daunting task to find out what laid behind those
  mountains but little did I knew that it would be moments of everlasting peace and
  serenity, that still exists when I close my eyes. It lingers around like a memory
  that stayed with me as a permanent emotion. I would rather see myself lost in that
  time than to live it all at once. I have imagined myself struggling back and forth
  to repeat that episode of my story replay on my mind like a thousand times. I feel
  mundane opening my eyes to the ceiling of my room. I shall refuse to go for a date
  on a lovely evening with an admirer. I shall rather choose to explore those little
  moments of joy and happiness with nature. At least it would be a pleasure to move
  on and explore what's next in a place than a person. I would wish to hold time and
  moments to drop by. Surrounded by that lush of healing in a world of silence and
  admiration to meet my ears and eyes. I would long for an endless tranquility for
  that I shall find in that place and that moment away from the hush and rush of the
  city daylight. There was the moment I felt time wasn't flying by. There was that
  feeling that would never come back haunting me. There was a sign that life is going
  to get better. There was a light that didn't darken or faded with time. There was
  a breeze that didn't make me shiver but only did make me fly. There was a splash
  that didn't make me bother but made me thunder. There was the time that didn't make
  me slumber but did make my rumble out of joy. There was a spark that ignited me
  from within. There was the feeling that gave me hope again. There was love that
  didn't make me miss him. But only did make me fall in love with myself. There was
  a happy me. A  shining ray of hope which hasn't stopped igniting for  day. Little
  did I know that it will change my perspective towards life. Little did I imagine
  that what I had lost in another country would be found in another continent. Little
  did I dream of having an imagination come true so fast. Little did I miss those
  deary moments. Little did I feel I can get another escape to live it all over again.
  Little did I think I deserve to be surrounded in that alley of people dancing with
  music under the sky. Little did I realize that I have everything that i was Looking
  for. Little did I say to people that life comes to those who imagine it to happen.
  Little have I written for the time I had. Little feeling has oozed out while I close
  that page of an old chapter. Little have I grown after an year has passed. Little
  have I seen in terms of the beauty and adventure. Little do I wish to keep having
  these visions. Little things do matter in life when you have seen so much. Little
  bit longer I would take to remind myself that one has to keep going in life to come
  across something magical. Little broken I am than I was before. Little bit had mended
  in a very short time. Little part is left to grow into a a flower from a fresh bud
  that had been brutally plucked. Little bit you see in the eyes which smile day in
  and day out. Little have you read about my life and my journey. Little have I saved
  for another trip or another journey. Little hope has emerged in me to write it all
  while I go back in time. Little more to go in life before turning into a monotone
  human. Little have I felt as a lover in someone's arms. Little do I long for more
  as dreamer. Little did I think all of this matters. So far more but so Little less.
