Title: 'Creating Atmosphere '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/creating-atmosphere
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ginette Gerardo
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: My story is about experiencing something new and very exciting. I am from the
  Philippines and the first place I went to outside my hometown is a place in the
  Middle East, United Arab Emirates. I can say that it is very different from where
  I came from, but because I want to explore and discover new things, I took a leap
  into the unknown. Naturally I am an observant so every little thing catches my eyes,
  everything is marvellous. From the tall buildings to the wide roads, it makes me
  think how we live in the same planet but when we travel we experience a different
  world. All the landscapes, not to mention the tallest building in the world, Burj
  Al Arab, and I, is just in one place. The man made rivers, beautiful mosques, the
  rich culture, and delicious delicacies that will make you fall in love more with
  the country. But there are two things that I really admire about this country. One
  is the nature, the beautiful sunrise and sunset, it looks like someone painted the
  sky. And at night time a wonderful view of the moon, it is so big and so near, as
  if you can touch and grab it, and put it in your pocket to make it a keychain. The
  second one is the people. Well for some reason, when talking about it, people never
  fail to surprise me. The diversity in this place is so great, mainly because there
  are a lot of Filipinos working and living here but not only that but how the locals
  in this place are very kind, genuine and welcoming people from different backgrounds.
  Respect to other people and authority, and equality are the words that I can say
  to describe UAE. What makes a place a home is not the country, the culture, or the
  beautiful scenery, but the people you see everyday,  the people you meet, and how
  they can influence you, inspire you and impact your life that will somehow change
  your views and make you more grateful for what you have and who you are. My name
  is Ginette and this my story.
