Title: 'Create The Courage '
DateModified: '2019-02-22'
DatePublished: '2019-02-22'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/create-the-courage
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ashley-Marie Dias
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: This story is about finding my way back home. Returning home to my roots, visiting
  the country of my father's origins, Portugal and discovering the love of myself,
  and life that I had forgotten as a little girl. Seeking approval, love and validation
  from all the external unknowns. This story is my truth, and it's about your home
  truly being where your heart is. Within ourselves. And how every part of the journey
  is a piece of the puzzle. Unveiling the masterpiece we as the creators of our life
  get to make during our time here on earth. This story is about, how each of us are
  the authors of our own lives. And how our pasts are not there to dictact our future
  but rather there to provide us with a comparison of how it can be. Much like how
  we must first understand the depths of the darkness to be able to see and understand
  the light. How the moon and stars would not be able to shine if the night sky didn't
  fall upon us. How the sun would not provide its warmth if we did not appreciate
  the concept of cold. How each and every season, experience and human being that
  enters our lives provides a purpose. A lesson, blessing and understanding of something
  yet still to come! All perfectly and divinely aligned along the journey of discovering
  ourselves. This story is about the journey of falling in love. Falling in love with
  every part of life and ourselves. This story is about the art of connection. From
  the roots into becoming fully blossomed. How every season, feeling and experience
  serves us. My story is a love story and I wish to write it for every little boy
  and girl to know they are loved and are love. No matter what happens along the way.
  This is my story, and I would be honoured to write it.
