Title: Crystalline parallelepipeds
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/crystalline-parallelepipeds
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Heloise  Martins de Souza
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I had never seen a teenager so fearless but with such dissatisfaction, Baby
  was not content with her monotonous reality.

  On a hot night, where the flowers grew in the gardens, the trees bore fruit, the
  cobblestone streets very well lit, she walked without any of this.

  In his mind the hormones of adolescence exploded, every part of his body screamed
  to satisfy those desires, but there were so many desires, all at the same time,
  everyone was running over, did not know how to control them

  Until you heard a voice, "Hello Baby, you here?" was when she came back from that
  parallel universe by meeting directly with a friend of the school, Sara. "Hi, Sara,"
  said Baby.

  After a few minutes of conversation, loud music, people dancing and ... she realized
  she was in a nightclub house, not even Baby knew how she could be walking so distracted
  these days.

  But all that apparent happiness in people''s faces enchanted her and she thought
  it was what she wanted to live and lived.

  That girl, who already believed herself to be a woman, with her eyes closed, walked
  around the room to the sound of music, smiling, laughing, her body emanating pleasure
  in every way that biology could allow, as if there were only her.

  The music stopped, the light rose, Baby opened her eyes, she was alone. Where could
  everyone have gone? Where could Sara be?

  Still half bewildered, she walked along the streets, not so illuminated but still
  very flowery, in a radiant way, brightening every detail along the way, her black
  shoes stumbled on the gray cobbles and still wet from the rain Baby would never
  see, she stroked every new stumble to the sound of the music that hummed in his
  head, the first ray of the sun appeared making those raindrops on the floor glisten
  like crystals.

  To this day Baby feels her body vibrate in tune with that one night.'
