Title: '&quot;Culture as a fully definition of a people&quot;'
DateModified: '2019-02-08'
DatePublished: '2019-02-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/culture-as-a-fully-definition-of-a-people
SetInCountry: Zimbabwe
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Justice Hlatywayo
AuthorCountry: Zimbabwe
Text: From time immemorial in the corridor of exploring human existence, l have found
  that culture is what defines a people. It was in 2012 when l went to Chipinge, District
  in Manicaland province, where l discovered that among other tribes in Zimbabwe there
  is this Ndau ethnic group in Chipinge, found in many villages and places for instance,
  Chikore, Manzvire, Zamuchiya, Tuzuka, Rimbi just to mention a few. During my stay
  in Chipinge I learnt that, these Ndau people posses a lot of interesting beliefs,
  norms and values that fully describe it all.  These people, have unique culture,
  that is deeply rooted in African Traditional Religion(s). These people they are
  notoriously religious to the extent that they carry their religion wherever they
  go. As the story unfold l will briefly  highlights what makes their social, spiritual
  and cultural fiber to be unique. When l asked them why they are called Ndau people?
  To my surprise, not everyone is aware,  where they come from, except few elderly
  people. Ndau people are very particular about their identity to the extent that,
  they want strangers or visitors to learn and adapt to natives dictates of  going
  by and live within Ndau philosophy. In my quest to discover what was in Ndau pot,
  the people there were so friendly and hospitality. It makes me very easy to learn
  who Ndau people. Their philosophy is claimed to be the original undiluted primitive
  culture that has not been eroded by the modernity and global village. When they
  begin to explain their culture of course l discover that culture is a theogamy that
  helps to intermarry the divine and physical. They believe there is a deity called
  (Musikavantu) meaning 'creator of people' they also have other ndau names of their
  creator for example, (Chibwechitedza) meaning the 'rock', (Mutekwatekwa) meaning
  the most revered God,( Dzivaguru) meaning the giver of rain. From these names I
  discovered they name their deity according to his attributes. They believe also
  in the spirit world where is the abode of spirit significance figures, by the name
  (madzitateguru) meaning ancestors and above them there what they call (midzimu)
  spirit mediums that intermediate between people and their God. They also believe
  in value of respect, in which they say it brings godliness among them. They also
  believe in the sacredness of life, hence, they do not believe that one can just
  die without being witched. So they believe that (N'anga, godobori) meaning a witch
  doctor or traditional healer is the one who can identify the cause of death. Moreover,
  is the one with powers to cure all bewitched. If a person commit a murder the whole
  family is going to be affected by what they call (ngozi) "avenging spirit" that
  seek to be appeased by a bull or a girl child. They emphasize unity, love, peace,
  harmony, sharing, sympathy and team work. They believe in (mhuri) meaning famili-hood
  and they say a united family is the one which can prosper. They say, "you are beacause
  we are, and because we are you are!" So in this tribe they discourage the use of
  'I' and use 'We' as a result everyone is responsible for another. No one can not
  make it alone. In addition, when there is work to be done they do what is called
  (mushandirapamwe) meaning working together, (kubatana) meaning co-operatives. They
  also embark on community mode of production, and as a community there is a (sabhuku)
  meaning a kraal-head resports to (mambo) chief. The community issues they are dealt
  on by legal issues board called (dare), and is the one which deliberate issues and
  giving punishment. Dare also use retributive justice on issues and crimes done by
  people. On marriage issues they practice (lobola) bride price and they do (barika)
  meaning polygamy and in Ndau culture a man is regarded as bull who is allowed to
  sleep around and marry many wives. They do this practice hiding behind the finger
  of bulding a family legacy pro-creating the relatives. In brief the visit and stay
  with Ndau people was short but very interesting that l could not exhume everything
  about them. In succinct, culture is what fully defines a people.
