Title: Cultured experience
DateModified: '2019-02-07'
DatePublished: '2019-02-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/cultured-experience
SetInCountry: Guatemala
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Doreen Sagastume
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The plane laned and I looked out the window of the plane in anticipation. The
  foreign language filled my ears and a few words seemed to register but Instill needed
  my translator. I grabbed my carry-on and slowly exited the plane. The next morning
  i woke up in the city of Guatemal. It was busy with busses and cars. The smells
  of diesel exhaust filled the air and I couldnt wait to get to the country side.
  I took a cab to the bus station and it was nothing like the one at home. They were
  all rallied in a dirt bowl and colored with every color of the rainbow. The names
  of the towns were posted on top of the front of the busses. I looked around for
  Antigua and had to ask a few people aroind me in broken spanish if they had seen
  the one I was looking for. Iwhen I found my bus and began to board I couldnt help
  but notice the decorations sourrounding the driver as if it was a carnival ride.
  Tassels were hanging from the windows and the stick shifter was sparkled in purple.
  As others were boarding they were careingbwith them everything except the kitchen
  sink. A gentleman sat next to me carrying 2 chickens as if they were a pair of socks!
  With feathers flying and diesel smoke surrounding us we were off. I was hoping to
  catch a nap for the 2 hour ride but it was not the place or time since the road
  wasn't paved and the driver kept getting dangerously close to the mountain cliff.
  I noticed hundreds of crosses on the side of the cliff and asked a fellow rider
  what they were there for and I was told that qhen the bus falls off the cliff the
  passengers die and they make memorial's for them. I was soon frightened and prayedbour
  driver would stay clear of the cliff. The mariachi music was blaring from the drivers'
  hand radio and I thought to myself how I was wanting some excitement in my life
  and to have new  experiences. This was topping the cake and I disnt even areive
  to the pueblo yet. Qe areived at another perking lot filled with busses in the town
  and everyone began exiting the bus from both ends. We were in the center of the
  outside market and it was just as I had imagined. There were piles of exotic fruits
  and vegetables being sold by the native indians of the land and I felt compelled
  to explore the narrow walkways. Smells of delicious street food filled my nose and
  my mouth begannto water. It was time to find where I would rest my head for the
  next few days. This was the real beginning.
