Title: Cycling upstream in a Typhoon
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/cycling-upstream-in-a-typhoon
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jenna Brake
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: '"Do you need some money?" he said. Moving my dripping hair out of my face,
  I looked up at him, failing to hide my grinning confusion. We were at the top of
  one of many hilly passes, inescapably sitting in the rain, laughing at our wrinkled
  fingers and drenched clothing. The rain was flooding the winding roads of Tsushima
  Island, Japan. It was the fourth and last day of the cycling trip across the island.
  A typhoon had struck, turning the roads into rivers and trapping many visitors in
  the ferry terminals and blocking up the accommodations.


  Through broken English, this kind man was asking what the hell we were doing there.
  We managed to tell him we were only 15 to 20 kilometers from the place we were headed
  and doing fine. What we failed to mention was that we were staying at a campsite
  that could potentially be underwater.


  Nonetheless, we continued onward. Though the other three ladies I traveled with
  wore frowns and signs of regret, Ann and I couldn''t help but wear the cheeriest
  grins. Being a lover of good stories and forgivable mishaps, I was sure this one
  would make the list. As we periodically walked up knee-deep, water-filled roads
  when pedaling proved impossible, we laughed and danced forth. Occasionally, we met
  drivers who would stop to say hi, got free hot coffees dropped off from random strangers,
  and had a few tire and brake mishaps. Eventually, the journey brought us to the
  destination of Hitakatsu. There, we discovered the roads leading to the campground
  were closed, and the grounds were certainly not favorable for camping.


  To give you a look at the bigger picture, we were a group of 16 amateur cyclists
  sub-grouped in smaller groups. We were exploring the island further each day, then
  meeting at a new campground each night. That would leave 16 more people to add to
  the masses of people trapped at the ferry terminal in the same predicament. Some
  cyclists ran to each accommodation only to find that each was full. Just as one
  of these cyclists had given up hope at the last known place, a local physiotherapist
  stopped him with a look of concern. He told him he owned a physiotherapist office
  near there and kindly offered him a place to stay. Unsure whether the rest of us
  had found a place to lay our heads, he explained that we were a large group and
  couldn''t give a number on how many cyclists needed a place to stay. Without hesitation,
  the physiotherapist agreed.


  Minutes later, we found ourselves hopping in a van with a random stranger, heading
  to his physiotherapist office. Now, I know what you''re thinking. Van. Random stranger.
  Desperate cyclists. Red flag!


  I guess the best thing I can say to that is: trust your instincts and always consider
  the consequences. Favorably, my instincts were good and I had an exit plan that
  was certainly not used or needed. This gentleman and his wife welcomed us in with
  open arms, dry clothes, towels, hot water, and warm blankets. After hot showers
  and baths, and wearing our borrowed t-shirts, the couple taught us how to make a
  true Japanese style dish. We worked together to create a beautiful Japanese meal.
  We sat around the large table telling stories, laughing, and simply enjoying being
  in dry clothes.


  It''s funny how the simplest thing a person can do like putting a roof over your
  head or giving you dry clothes will resonate with you forever. Life''s not about
  how many things you check off a list or how many things you own; it''s how you get
  there and who you meet that tells the story and teaches you the most.'
