Title: Dancing with the Himalayan kids, superhero fanatics
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/dancing-with-the-himalayan-kids-superhero-fanatics
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ramya Balakrishna
AuthorCountry: India
Text: This one time I was in chitkul, the last village at the Indo-China border. The
  green and brown mountains were gigantic, covered by mist and a stream of water was
  gushing across to go with the setting. Green colored army camps were nestled across
  the stream. At first I went straight to the stream, sat down took my time to soak
  in the atmosphere, the air, the nature, the sounds and the peace. Meditated for
  few minutes and sat dreaming about past and the future, indulging in my memories
  to flow, through happy and sad moments of my life and how I have been blessed through
  both and of being there at that moment of presence. After an hour of this in the
  mid day at around 12, I thought of what shall I do next, and I went ahead to the
  village near by, that was the last of Indian civilian habitat in that region, I
  was stroling around and spotted a monastery, It captured my attention, hence, I
  went in. What i saw when i entered were the cute Himalayan kids, around 5 of them,
  girls and boys together, may be around 8-10 years of age, running around the monastery
  playing, and happily screaming there hearts out. So i thought let me listen and
  then I realised, they were using the punch dialogues of the superheroes like Iron
  Man, Superman and Spiderman, they were pretending to fly after the dialogue, they
  were pretending to fly the way superman holds his position before flying across
  the clouds, one was holding spidey hands pretending to fly from one building to
  another, and they had the pun intended dialogues that made me laugh, I felt like,
  Oh! Boy I found my besties. So the superhero fanatic in me caught up and started
  manipulating the first game a little by teaching each of them few other moves in
  the moment and ended up playing few games myself as being Joker and brainiac myself.
  What I never thought was to find such a connection to stories, movies and especially
  international superheroes in a remote region of India. It was a bizarrely happiest
  moments spent of my life. One of the most cherished solo travels of my life.
