Title: Daring Abroad
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/daring-abroad
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Wycliffe  Siele
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: I am Wycliffe Siele, A Kenyan by birth. I remember vividly it was 11th September
  2013 , I was merely a young jovial man looking for an opportunity to build my future.
  I left Kenya for Italy after being accepted for a bachelor degree course in the
  university of Trieste Italy. It was my first time to visit the airport and to take
  a flight. The only flight I had experience on was my phone being on flight mode
  when I didn't want any disturbances from teenage friends. The confusion landed on
  my skinny body not knowing what exactly I was heading to none English speaking country.
  Moreover my English itself was below the required level. As some once say "you can
  take the boy from the village but you can't take the village from the boy" that
  was exactly whom I was. Nonetheless I landed in Venice Italy, followed the majority
  to the exiting door. I was clueless where I was heading. I cound only remember my
  final destination was Trieste university. I did the check out control, the officers
  cound't speak English, what a mess I said to my self, an international Airport with
  local people operating, seriously. Well they allowed me to pass, I remember the
  only amount of money I had was 30euros which was equivalent to 3000 Kenya shillings
  (rich indeed in my thoughts). So I went straight to some black people waiting to
  be picked by there family members or friends I guess, asked them about my final
  destination, they actually responded me with a surprising facial expression which
  later I learnt it's how the typical Nigerians comunicate. Well they told me I was
  to take the train heading to Trieste but first there was a bus all the way from
  airport to train station. I didn't buy the ticket, I didn't know anything alot,
  being from Africa we pay the bus fare to the conductor inside the bus, fortunately
  they didn't ask for the money, so I was like damn, everything is free in this country
  wow! Which actually it's being responsible to buy a ticket and validate it. I was
  dropped in the train station, took my suitcase and got confused with the lanes,
  I couldn't read the simple directions of my lane, so I missed the first train and
  the next one was after 2 hours, I later asked and atleast I moved to the right binary.
  The train arrived later, I entered with out the ticket since I thought it was free
  but trust me I was given the penalty of 100 euros not knowing it was 10, 000 Kenyan
  shillings, found my self in Trieste central station. I was directed to the university
  and that's when I landed on the hands of a good Samaritan, he hosted me for 1 week
  while getting enrolled and applying for scholarships, which unfortunately I couldn't
  win due to scarcity of documentation. I totally lost hope in my life, felt destroyed
  not knowing what to do an where to go after being told by the university that I
  have to go back to Kenya. I could feel the earth should open up and swallow me alive.
  I told my good Samaritan the devastating news, he was shocked and there after we
  searched for a different university and good luck accepted at Camerino University,
  where I did my degree and now  I have cleared my masters.  The moral of the story
  is never give up in life, if one door is shut another door will definitely opens.
