Title: Deep dive into the paradise- Italy
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/deep-dive-into-the-paradise-italy
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Navyug Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: When i visited Italy for the first time, there were so many fascinating stories
  which i read about Italy earlier were all running in my mind like a movie. I was
  so excited to visit all those historicsl places which have a great significance
  and impact on the world. When i visited Rome, i was so thrilled to see the artistic
  work and structures which were build thousands of years ago but still are standing
  high and giving every one a chance to be a part of history and imagine the type
  of life and culture which was followed years ago. Every place in Italy has its own
  importance and significance in the wide rich history of this country. People every
  year come to visit so many places in Italy because there is no limit of astonishing
  views and amazing sceneries in the whole country. I never expected that the people
  will be so cheerful and so warm hearted. They were really helpful and very kind.
  I met a guy naming Francesco in Turin who helped me out to find a place to stay
  at night in Turin. Later that evening, he took me to a local pub to have adrink
  and made me taste some of the most popular and delicious Italian dishes. That was
  one of the most memorable moments of my whole journey beacuse the food was so good
  and i wasn't able to resist myself from eating more. I end up eating more than what
  i usually eat.My whole journey in Italy was completley full of adventures and surprises.
  The more places ivisited in Italy, the more i became admirer of that beautiful country.
  It is one of the most few countries where you can enjoy every sort of weather. There
  are so many beaches to visit in the whole Italy and there r so many beatuful and
  historical cities to visit as well. The way Italian people have prevented their
  history is absolutely astonishing. They have preserved and restored all the structures
  and artifacts to keep their culture alive. The passion they have for their culture
  is absolutely breathtaking. Italy is one of those countries which is a dream country
  for almost every single individual of this world. The tourist come from all parts
  of the world to visit Italy each year. There are so many cities to visit in Italy
  that one can not complete all the destinations in one visit. I have very beautiful
  and memorable moments from my visit over there. I will be definitely go and visit
  Italy again.
