Title: 'Detroit: The Mental Aesthetic Lollipop'
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/detroit-the-mental-aesthetic-lollipop
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Neidre Richardson
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Whispers of crime and caution flood my spine as we arrive into an inner city
  neighborhood where we are asked to hide our car in front of the homeowner's. The
  local neighborhood is busy with laughter, loud music, speeding cars, and children
  playing under the moonlit, sleepy sky. Once the door shuts behind us, it is not
  to be opened until daylight.  Day comes as the sky renews itself and the neighborhood
  sleeps. We leave the self-confirming, stereotypical, media scene of what was to
  be expected, and enter into this metropolitan world of art. Beauty eludes from the
  never-ending rows of multi-heighted, industrial skykissers to the short glimpses
  of awe-striking, gothic cathedrals. However, the elaborately colored, above ground
  transportation system, the People Mover, was first on my list to explore! Much to
  my surprise, Detroit by day and its stairs of skykissers and preserved, Germanic
  roofed churches is only a shy introduction to the embracing culture that I soon
  meet within the close proximity of its streets. It is not enough to walk past canvases
  of sculptured art posing as buildings where humans and their pets enter and exit
  consistently, you consistently walk past human art posing as sculptured canvases!
  My most memorable is the tall "tin man" who recieves monetary accolades by his exotic,
  silver metal fashion, prancing upon stilts to the rythmic tones of the saxophonist,
  who is stationed a few feet down from the street magician and the painter. Among
  the melody of the saxophone, the curiosity of what the painter is painting, and
  the next surprising trick of the magician, I find friends laughing and drinking
  aboard a "rolling pub", as I am drawn to the spices of the Italian aroma from PizzaPapalis
  of Greektown. Let me tell you, the aroma of PizzaPapalis is less of a snippet of
  the taste! I was stationed in a private upperoom among family with a cocktail of
  what appears to be large pizza pies coupled with a variety of chicken wings baskets.
  Every bite of every different slice of these deep-dished pizzas is an incomparable
  taste of heaven, connected between the long strands of cheese refusing to separate
  from its source. Lets just say we purchased a few more pizzas "to-go" so we could
  freeze for our 12-hour ride back to Mississippi as a personal souvenir token of
  deliciousness. I eat in Greektown and then sightsee the General Motors World Headquaters
  only to find out I am station right in the middle of the chase scene for the movie
  "Need for Speed II"! The rush of excitement to hear the roaring of the speeding
  cars,  spot the cars' passenger dummys, and to watch the helicopters film above
  me is a pleasant sensory overload. What can calm a sensory overload like a walk
  among the Detroit Riverfront? The view ended here, at one of the most beautiful
  social sites I've seen, a photographer's haven of water spraying boats and cruises
  ships, never-ending scenery of bodies of water disappearing amidst the view of Canada's
  flags and border, while inner emotions melts as police officers passes out popsicles
  to all the little children present in the summer heat. Who would have ever thought
  this artistry of culture, beauty, and deliciousness would be primarily famous for
  its ongoing history of crime, government scandal, and financial ruins? Truly in
  the night, media, and word of mouth this darkness does exist, but in the light of
  life and the love of arts, this city is aesthetically amazing! Every corner, every
  street, every walkway I travel welcomely kisses my ears, my tongue, my nose, and
  my eyes. Detroit by day was the lollipop I desired to consume fully with every touch,
  every taste, every sight, and every bite!
