Title: Digital drifting
DateModified: '2019-02-16'
DatePublished: '2019-02-16'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/digital-drifting
SetInCountry: Costa Rica
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ilene Valencia
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'My name is Ilene.

  In 2017 my boyfriend and I became minimalists. My travel nursing assignment eventually
  took us to Maui where we learned A LOT about conservation and the environment. Living
  in Phoenix we were pretty oblivious to everything. We did our best to recycle but
  after living in Hawaii we realized we could be doing more. This year we moved to
  Costa Rica. Well....kinda. We are going to be exploring until our Visa is done,
  go to South American countries, then make our way back here. In the last 6 years
  we have been to so many countries and have figured out tricks to travel inexpensively.
  This is why we are starting a blog, to share with everyone how you can see the world
  for cheaper than you think. Costa Rica is the only country who is getting rid of
  single use plastics by 2021. This is HUGE! They are leading the way in conservation
  efforts. This is another thing we are going to be focusing on. No one has to move
  to Costa Rica to help, but we are writing about the things they are doing to help
  the environment and we are gonna write about things people at home can do too that
  are inspired by what we see here.


  I think that by seeing other countries and opening our eyes to different cultures,
  we are then exposed to the seeing the kindness of others. We have met the most amazing
  people here and they''ve welcomed us with open arms and showed us so many things
  about how they are doing their part to preserve our planet. It''s amazing.


  I think this blog can open people''s eyes to seeing that you can see the world and
  you can do it on a budget. I also want them to learn new things on how to help preserve
  it so more and more people in the future can experience it as well.'
