Title: 'Discovering yourself past the edge of fear '
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/discovering-yourself-past-the-edge-of-fear
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sarah Gilchrist
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'The heavy,  humid air filled my lungs, as I welcomed the occasional exhilarating
  breeze that brushed against my face. The simultaneous fear and excitement filled
  me with anticipation. I stared into the murky colour of the waters of Amazon River,  as
  we ventured further and further in the plethora of green that was swallowing us.
  Soon in the offing I seen what looked like some modest wooden huts,  and as soon
  as I heard the cacophony of primates I knew we were arriving at our destination:

  ''La Isla De Los Monos''. Finally,  we were arriving. As our little colourful, wooden
  boat pulled up to the dock, monkeys jumped on board, enthusiastically searching
  for food, and one little monkey whose name was Valentine,  jumped on my neck and
  snuggled into me, searching for love and cuddles. I knew this was going to be the
  experience of a lifetime. A completely ethical,  cage free sanctuary home to an
  impressive variety of primates, in the middle of the Amazon Rainforest. As a crazy
  animal lover,  it couldn''t get any better than this. I explored the grounds with
  Valentine still wrapped around my neck snuggly. Some of tree branches were adorned
  with animated,  colorful birds. I was accompanied by the caretaker,  Guillermo,
  who told me about some of the resident monkeys stories, and the the truly amazing
  work they do. The highlight of the day was meeting a howler monkey called Thomas
  who fancied himself as a ladies man,  and was known to spy on the lady volunteers
  when they were in the bathroom,  and it didn''t take long for his inner Casanova
  to reveal itself to me as he continuously tried to grab me by the hand and drag
  me off into the wilderness behind the trees. The pervert monkeys,  and the adorable,
  cuddly monkeys,  and the mischievous monkeys all fascinated me,  their enchanting
  personalities,  as varied as the spectrum of colours of a rainbow. As darkness fell,  and
  we finished having our modest meal,  made with love by a beautiful, smiling old
  lady, the magic was only beginning as the dazzling array of stars scintillated the
  sky,  and left me in absolute awe of the beauty of our world. I became engulfed
  in this dazzling display of nature,  making me realise just how minute and insignificant
  all of our petty problems are.  The sounds of the jungle,  the stars so close you
  could almost reach out and touch them, the cute,  cuddly monkey that just wanted
  love, this simplicity was the closest to paradise. On the boat trip I had imagined
  the so called Brazilian wandering spiders, and the thousand ways I could possibly
  die in the abyss of the jungle, but the closer I drifted away from the shores of
  civilization I discovered this utter, sheer peace and contentment,  and this love
  affair with nature and the beauty of life was ignited within me.'
