Title: 'Discovering the vibrant heart of Spain: Andalusia '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/discovering-the-vibrant-heart-of-spain-andalusia
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ibtissam Benbiga
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Most people believe Spain is purely flamenco, guitars,corrida and paella..Wich
  is partly true, except for the fact that these are characteristics that mainly live
  in the southern region of Andalusia. When I prepared my backpack for my first solo
  trip, I didn''t know what to expect, but one thing was sure: I wanted to travel
  as in insider, not just as a tourist. To avoid this status, I promised to myself
  not to prepare or organize any day visits, the only thig that was sure to me was
  that I had to stay in my friends houses, and that I was going to visit Granada,
  Cordova and Sevilla. I thought that this was the only possible way to touch the
  Spanish-Andalusian local culture... And so it was. I realized that Al-Andalus was
  colorful region where arabic and gotic architecture, culture and history were coexisting
  together, almost mixing: such as the gotic cathedral of Sevilla, almost marrying
  it''s moorish tower the "Giralda". Or the Mezquita of Cordova, a church that was
  a mosque long time ago,still the same as back then. To get more in touch with the
  locals I had the pleasure to live 24h in the house of each of my andalusians friends,
  in the mentioned cities,so that I could experience the spanish routine. I learned
  that all over Spain, people like to take their time for everything...and so did
  I. Lunch and dinner are rich with colorful foods, all delicious but as I travelled
  there in summer, hot as is if I was in a desert, my favorite one was gazpacho, a
  cold and light tomato and fresh vegetables soup. Every day, after lunch, like a
  real Spanish I was teached to have siesta,wich is a thing that I brought back with
  me...having a nap after eating helped me being more relaxed and less stressed. Tha
  social life was mainly lived by night...that was the only moment where fresh air
  was flying around the squares, where everyone was sitting having a beer, sangria
  or tinto, a delicious Spanish red wine. I was also amazed about how they love to
  dance... In fact, we were all having a flamenco dance in the main center of Sevilla,
  and wonderful melodies,from a guitar, were touching my ears, almost telling me to
  enjoy the moment and just have fun and dance! Since the day I landed in thisb astonishing
  piece of earth, I was told that I had to speak Spanish and that english was forbidden,and
  as my main goal was to fully get immersed in the local Spanish life, I accepted
  it immediately and I also strengthened my spanish. After all, I realized that I
  was almost forgetting my life back in Italy and I was completely fitting in the
  Andalusian panorama. I had no expectations, I just wanted to dance among fascinating
  girls wearing tipical flamenco dresses, so rounded by red roses and let my self
  go to the hearing of music and gitanos songs... For a moment, I wasn''t only a traveller,
  I was andalusian.'
