Title: discovering what is called lisbon
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/discovering-what-is-called-lisbon
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: laurence acosta
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: arriving into the magic of portugal i was happily amused that that airport was
  not as crwded as i thought it would be.   perhaps, on another day it may have been
  prohibitive, but the day  arrived i was happy.  rented my car and was off to discover
  lisboa.  my hotel was located on the beach of caporica, across a magnificent bridge,
  whose name alludes me, but magnificent nontheless, away from the bustle of lisbon
  proper.   but along the way i enjoyed the views   immensly.   not knowing my way
  precisely to my hotel in caporica,  i wondered if i was over my  head.   suddenly
  on my approach to the bridge which would take me to caporica, which i really had
  no idea as to its location, at a stop sign before the bridge I was lucky enough
  to ask or more precisely plead tp a fellow driver nest to me if they knew the way
  to caporica,   the response I received was a friendly "follow me".   soon we were
  on that bridge and on the way to caporica.  never would I have believed that I would
  not be in the midst of lisboa in a city hotel, but actually on a beachj in lisboa.   after
  following mu  guardian angel, they led us to our destination. our hotel was situated
  right on the beacn with ample parking, and  the sigjts ans sounds of the coast.  our
  room overlooked the atlantic and restaurants were abundantly close by.   we had
  a simply incredible stay.   I had unforgettable dinners and met some most interesting
  people I wish were lifelong friends.  there were many other adventures in Lisbon
  and environs and I wish I had the time to discover them all.  sintra was fabulous,
  but perhaps a bit overcrowded since mu last trip in 1977/   well, things change.  but
  in all honesty I am flabbergasted with lisboa, it it a magical destination to this
  day .   I am glad to have been able to sy I was enthralled, once again.   thank
  yo.
