Title: Dive into the unknown
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/dive-into-the-unknown
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kritika Sood
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Acoustic rythem with my travelling feet into the unknown villages of gujarat.
  A state itself from india. I was tapping my heartbeats throughout the human scapes.
  The state let's you move and groove to it's authentic vibe. From the sand dunes
  and cold night of kutch to cheap beer on the beaches of daman you can have it all.
  It's peaceful ,serene and less crowded unlike other beaches india has. There's no
  one to interrupt you and your suset view. While collecting shells on those beaches
  it takes a turn to make you see the finest handicrafts the state has to offer. Being
  a travel reader and writer I k ow we all just know few Rajasthani states to be precise
  for our cultural art but believe me you have to move across and make your soul open
  to this state for that too.ypu can have the best of pottery and much more to watch
  out for. While this you can go all ethinic in your little pick pocket from the state.
  Surat from here lets you pick all your boho styles in rupees as less as than a dollar.
  While these add to the human profile ,you can not leave what your tastebuds are
  going to experience. The completely different food not just salty or spicy but tangy
  and sugarfull makesyou go mad. You can never get tired and enough pf the state to
  be at. Let's take a turn to our KRISHNA (ISKON) in the state. Dwarka from here is
  the residence of a krishnas form and you can not experience those pure soulful meeting
  with his place anywhere else than jaganath puri. With all human faces and godly
  emotions the state lets you then move through nature amd feel the touch of yourself
  through it. GIR national reserve cannot just sray back at your list. The nature
  you look and find here is just as unique as any footstep of yours be. Moving in
  safaris in the dense forests and actually finding the reality to nature is what
  we call an experience of being in the lap of nature and it has it all. I can keep
  going on about it and it won't ever be complete.  As I know words cannot just justify
  the beauty of travelling.
