Title: 'Doing Trip as a Bounding Therapy '
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/doing-trip-as-a-bounding-therapy
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Dian Savitri
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'For me, a mother with 2 children who are teenagers: the first child of a 17-year-old
  girl and a 12-year-old boy, traveling together with my children is one of the dreams
  that I have tried to realize since the last few years. Why ? Aside from being a
  means of bringing the relationship between mother and child closer, I want us to
  be able to tie more meaning through the journey we make. The benefits of this trip
  are not only for my children, but for both of us.


  Like when carrying out a mountaineering trip in Merbabu in October 2018 with my
  youngest child.


  Mount Merabu is one of the volcanoes in Java, Indonesia. Located at an altitude
  of 3,145 meters above sea level, Mount Merabu is a very beautiful and gorgeous mountain
  that is one of the favorite destinations for climbing activities at our country.


  Its nice to be able to enjoying the forest, watching the savanna all the way to
  the summit, see the beauty of the sunrise, the sea of clouds and see other mountain
  peaks such as Mount Merapi, Sindoro, Sumbing, Lawu and so on from the Merbabu Peak.


  Climbing to reach the top of the mountain is not an easy trip for a 39-year-old
  woman like me. A mother who works as a housewife everyday. But with a strong determination
  to learn in nature, Alhamdulillah we were able to finish this trip well.


  Unexpectedly, along the way, we as mothers and children can work together to strengthen
  each other. When the mother slips because the road is slippery, the boy is swiftly
  helping. Likewise, when down, the boy patiently finds a way that is safe for his
  mother. This is certainly surprising and certainly touching, considering that everyday
  in our homes we often argue.


  Another great trip is the journey of the mother and her first child . Yeay, Its
  girls time!


  Alhamdulillah with Allah''s permission in January 2019 me and my girls can go on
  an adventure together, take a backpacker trip to Japan. This is our first independent
  travel abroad without using travel agent services.


  The excitement in arranging a joint itinerary, finding cheap tickets, dealing with
  airlines, sharing assignments in obtaining a visa, discussing finding the best lodging,
  made us learn to understand each other. As a mother, it is a joy to be able to make
  children happy and see growth progress.

  In Japan, we visited two cities, Tokyo and Nikko. We learn about cleanliness in
  this country. Learn about order and the timeliness of the people. Amazed by the
  culture that is still thick, even though the technological development is very rapid.


  We walked from one station to another station. Cold together, tired together, lost
  together but most importantly can laugh happily together.


  For me, traveling is a teacher who teaches many life lessons. Whether it''s a trip
  to nature, or a trip in the city.


  In nature, we learn from uncle rain, auntie mist, uncle sun, auntie wind. Studying
  and making friends with them in the vast world, remind about how small we humans
  are, compared to the greatness of the creator of the universe.

  Travel in big cities, introducing us to various human characters and cultures. Different
  cities of different cultures. Moreover, different countries.


  To Nature or to the City, the best trip is a journey that makes us understanding
  who we are, who our God is, and for what God created us.


  Hopefully this year we can make more meaningful trips. Amen.'
