Title: Dont know where to reach
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/dont-know-where-to-reach
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Sindhura  Pak
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was my winter vacation in 2017, where me and my friend had a plan to visit
  banglore from there to coorge. As planned we reached Bangalore, where we thought
  to hault to fresh up! But then that turned out to be a 1day stay. In that one day
  i felt like ive covered the cream part of banglore. The night life at that place
  was really amazing. It was so beautiful on roads, for the first time ive tasted
  brewed beer, which was roasted coffee. We walked almost from commercial street to
  kormangala, which was the most  beautiful  journey i had that night. The next day
  we were suppose to visit coorge but then our host suggested better do to gokarna
  coorge is having to extreme weather conditions. Then plan changed to Gokarna which
  was so very unexpected. We had hard time travelling there we just had one bus which
  was not comfortable at all. After stepping down we dint knw where to go as beaches
  were famous we asked auto fellow to take us near by tourist center side. Here is
  the story. He took us to destination. Wegot down and felt we would get any help
  here and then started to walk down the lane expecting to reach so nice hotel. Then
  after walking like for 3 kms. I started to hear waves sound were i was so excited
  that we are almost near to some beach. The time we reached the beach it was sunrise
  which is marvellous. My first experience for sunrise on beach side which unforgettable
  moment in my life. Then had a pleasent time enjoying sunrise, we forget that we
  should take a room to fresh up after sunrise once the rays started to hit skin hard
  then we realised that we should take a room. Went to near by Motel on beach side
  and had a stay for 2 days.
