Title: Efflorescence
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/efflorescence
SetInCountry: Hong Kong
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: "Darja K\xF6nig"
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'The humanitarian creature was equipped with five senses. Mysteriously, the
  smell is the one ability that makes us remember significant moments the strongest.
  As time passes by, visions fade, but a scent will always remain. So vividly and
  uncloudedly, that if coming across a familiar smell, you will instantly feel thrown
  back to that one particular situation. That one particular person. That one particular
  place. Fragrant harbour - a metropolis which names translation could not be more
  fitting: the one and only Hong Kong. When reading the name, it probably will not
  trigger a smell in your head in the first place, but it is melodically pleasing
  for the ears. It is the cocktail of different fragrances that makes me recall this
  place so immensely and unexpectedly though. A place where the sky is as crowded
  as the ground, skyscraper over skyscraper aiming for the highest, the smell of roaring
  Rolls Royces merging with the aroma of freshly baked pineapple bread is just an
  appetizer of what you will nose about. A freshly salted breeze airs my hair while
  walking down the promenade of the Victoria Harbour, which in old Chinese literature
  was referred to as ''middle gate'', separating the island from the mainland to the
  north. While it is possible to separate land, you can not separate the perception
  of smells. In Hong Kong, you are able to smell the colour green. I can not recall
  ever being in a city that is loaded with such booming business and is yet so leafy.
  The saying of an urban jungle gets a whole new meaning here. Strolling through the
  area feels like a rollercoaster as hills are taking you up and down, offering various
  angles of views. You also save up on costs for a gym, your legs will do the trick
  here. I was on my way to my hotel which was located in the heart of the island when
  it so happened that I got lost on a side street. I still can not remember its name.
  But as I was lost, I also was found. A colorful street market lured me way down
  the narrow but not narrowing road. While I was looking at various handmade goods,
  I passed by a small shop, pretty unnoticeable from the outside. Just a little banner
  decorated the entrance, picturing the flower on Hong Kong''s flag. I was about to
  walk past it when it suddenly hit me: A smell of food that words won''t ever be
  able to describe. A juicy and fragrant melange of fiery spices, so overwhelmingly
  tempting that the next moment I realized I was standing in there. To my surprise,
  the small restaurant was fully covered with flowers of purple-red. Looking at the
  menu, next to sweet and sour pork as well wontons, there were several dishes including
  the all surrounding flower. It was then when I realized that those flowers are Hong
  Kong''s emblem from the flag. Marketing done right I would say. You get what the
  entrance banner told you from the start. Bauhinia Blakeana - a flower that spreads
  a mild sweet scent in the air but apparently also in dishes. The meal was extraordinary
  and taught me why people chose this blossom to adorn their flag. I never expected
  my nose to be my main guide for this journey, but it definitely was. An old Chinese
  proverb says: ''a flower leaves some of its fragrance in the hand that bestows it.''
  Hong Kong, you definitely left some of your fragrance with me.'
