Title: 'Embarked on a bespoke journey: Magical Kasol'
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/embarked-on-a-bespoke-journey-magical-kasol
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Pranamika Doimary
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Traveling feels like a leap to me. A deep breath and a stepping stone towards
  a bespoke journey that brings a character forward that has always been hidden inside.
  Such was the case when I first visited kasol. Though this little magical land had
  never been very fascinating to me but it did create some ripples the first time
  I did here about stories fascinating to this magical land. Hippie land! That's what
  it was reffred to by a  dear friend! Seeing pictures of friends admist the snow
  clad mountain ranges this little town with its cafes and restaurants and little
  shops with dream catchers around had clicked its magic right where it had to hit!
  My beaming eyes! That's when I clearly remember we booked our bus tickets, with
  seven of us with our backpacks and sleeping bags boarded our buses and left on this
  self experiencing tale that we would cherish our entire lives even casually meeting
  over a couple of drinks! Such was it! The bespoke kasol ! We reached Buntar around
  7am in the early morning with our huge bomber jackets on far away from the sweaty
  heat of Delhi. Who knew Kasol would instantly make you feel homed. After shipping
  hot tea and biscuits we immediately took a local bus that would leave us in Kasol.
  The volvo tickets from Delhi-Buntar can charge you upto a thousand and above. From
  Buntar you can find taxis and local buses that would drop you off to Kasol. Usually
  local busea are cheap and its recommended. Sitting on the bus and it takes you off
  to your destination. You can see the river running right beneath the narrow lanes
  and on the other side blooming apple orchards. Though it is forbidden to touch those
  apples leading to which a fine could be slapped on you! The mountains, the river
  the road, the local music it just lingers around your ears and you feel the warmth
  in the air, the freshness and the cold wind hitting you right across your face but
  trust me its all worth it! The exuberance is so high even without a drag(you know
  what I mean ;)) Once you reach, it takes around an hour and walla!! Your destination
  is right there ! You can witness cafes and restaurants oppositely placed along with
  tiny shops for anything and everything! Once you reach you can find tiny hotels
  which are usually rooms of families indigenous to their lands. They rent out rooms
  to travelers and the prices usually sky-rocket in seasons. Seasons usually starts
  from spring time to late  Autumn. Well the actual beauty of Kasol isnt actually
  in kasol but its around it. There are different places to visit nearby which are
  beautiful attractions. One can visit nearby areas- Chalal which is like on the other
  side of the river, which can be visited through a small walk. One can also visit
  nearby villages of Manikaran, Pulga, Kalga,Tosh which one could visit through trekking
  or one could also go on a long trip to kheerganga which attracts the eyes of many.
  It is usually a beautiful affair as soon as you reach Kasol! It's like a piece of
  hash browns, you eat it, savour it and then it gives a mild kick to start off. Either
  way one can either chill in Kasol or can also visit these nearby villages which
  are placed on hill tops filled with apple orchards and wild berries. Buses run till
  Tosh or one can even hire a private car to leave you at points where you can start
  off with the trekking. Honestly the best suggestion is taking on the local bus and
  reminiscing the lost times which one never experiences because of busy schedules  and
  work load. The magic lands of Himachal Pradesh is in itself a path one should definitely
  cross once in life because it not only helps you in experiencing what you were missing
  in but it also helps us to slow down in life and simply enjoy the cold winds of
  green and snow lands and mountains which in itself is a magic wand one would want
  to hold and whip once and for all !
