Title: Embracing the Cradle of Humankind
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/embracing-the-cradle-of-humankind
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Carol Ncongwane
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: I received a call from my best friend one afternoon and all she had to say on
  this particular day was short, succinct and yet juicy enough to send me into a sharp
  shriek.  "Pack an overnight bag hun I booked us into a lovely hotel out of town,
  road trip!" I couldn't contain my excitement over longing for a good old fashioned
  girls sleepover to talk about nothing and everything.  We always had a great time
  being silly, from lip-syncing our favourite songs to laughing till our bellies ached,
  this was going to be a blast and much-needed relaxation from the stresses of adulting.
  We met up and headed off to breakfast in the city before embarking on our hour-long
  trip and later did some last minute shopping for all the junk food goodies we would
  be gorging on for the epic pig-out session we had planned.  As the car moved further
  and further away from the city skyscrapers towering at first in a menacing manner
  and later disappearing into the far distance, I couldn't help but feel a sigh of
  relief like my worries were being left behind.  The vast landscape of the open road
  makes one feel insignificant and captive to the beauty of the nature that surrounds
  you without warning.  We had finally arrived in Magaliesburg a small town outside
  of Johannesburg, we checked in and went for a swim to cool off from the unforgiving
  heat.  Magaliesburg is the perfect escape for city dwellers such as ourselves, the
  mountainous terrain enveloping the area makes you feel like you've ventured onto
  the set of 'The Sound of Music'.  This quaint town is really something special,
  a cheese farm, strawberry farm, Hartebeespoort dam for crazy watersports and boat
  tours, various wildlife parks, lack of adequate mobile connection at times and a
  slower pace to life enjoyed by the locals is so alluring that you feel as if time
  escapes you and you're in your own world.   With all this magnificent beauty and
  outrageous activities, nothing could have prepared me for the experience of a lifetime.  The
  night was a resounding success we laughed, sang, feasted on junk food, had deep
  and meaningful discussions about life and love.  Finally, we headed back to our
  lives which often felt like surviving a Ferris wheel.  I suggested popping into
  the Cradle of Humankind on our way back, tours operate frequently and I thought
  it would be good for us to gain a deeper understanding of human evolution.  We made
  our way to the ticket office and were informed when the next tour would commence.  As
  a world heritage site, the cradle of humankind is the world's richest hominin site
  housing human-ancestor fossils.  It is the coolest thing actually, stepping onto
  land where you know you're human ancestors have been laid to rest.   We take a tour
  of the Sterkfontein caves and a tall man by the name of Thabo who is part of a team
  of guides tells me what to expect and suddenly I'm shaken to my core.  See I'm not
  in the best physical form and all that junk food from the night before certainly
  didn't help so you can imagine my disbelief as he explains.  He explains that once
  inside I should expect an obstacle course-like adventure of crawling, squatting,
  squeezing and climbing through spaces in order to make it out the other end.  We're
  given hard hats that do absolutely nothing for my fashionable little number and
  the tour group is sent through a large door with Thabo the tour guide whispering
  a faint "good luck" to me which sent my nerves through the roof.  To be honest I
  really didn't have high hopes for the tour, at first I thought it would be challenging
  to get through a lesson about rocks.  It was challenging alright, in ways I might
  have escaped had I known there would be any physical activity but also life-changing.  I
  learned that fossils discovered in the cave date back millions of years and to truly
  cement my footprint on the world it's important to not sweat the small stuff but
  to focus on being a contributing member of the human race.
