Title: Essence - Absence
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/essence-absence
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Stefano Milani
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'After twenty-one hours of travel, a stopover and a night without sleep I reach
  the down under.

  Definitely frustrated at not being able to sleep during the flights; the tension
  have probably played me a bad joke.

  Feeling happy, because after months I have the chance to get up next to you again.

  Watching you sleep gave me chills down my back.

  A touch on your face, a soft kiss on your lips.

  I dreamed it for months.

  Leaning on the window, without any thought, I look at the early morning lights of
  the city. The people who walk seem to be very small. I smile for the direction of
  driving, the guide is on the left!

  I had never looked at something from the twelfth floor, I had never awakened in
  such a big city, but at the same time vital and relaxed.

  For breakfast pancakes with maple syrup and orange juice, better than usual coffee
  in that place of work that I was starting to hate, where everyone runs agitated
  as if they were losing something or someone and people do nothing but avoid and
  curse already early in the morning.

  A kiss with you and we are on the road among the people in shorts and boots, smiling
  and carefree; summer has begun. We get lost in its streets, I always look up to
  admire its skyscrapers.

  I love the neighbourhoods so different from one another.

  The bikes and skates pass by; at a short distance the noise of the breaking waves,
  the sound of the wind among the leaves of the trees.

  It seems to be immersed in the green, are we in the city right? Kings Park, but
  how big is it? The sounds are incredible, the song of birds so melodic.

  We walk along the suspended path that leads us to an incredible view of the river.
  Here, holding your hand again is something magical.

  But it''s time to go. With the sun high, we reach the station, direction: ocean.

  Thirty minutes in which I daydream, I do not know what to expect but I am sure that
  I will experience strong emotions. I had never seen the ocean in my life, certainly
  in magazines, series and books, but I never had the chance to touch it in person.

  I grew up in an area where work is religion and keeps you inextricably linked to
  your birthplace; I had the opportunity to travel only as adults, once I have earned
  a little money.

  I''m curious, so every time I can, I book something and explore as many places as
  possible. Get out of the comfort zone makes me a better one; the routine bores me,
  I always think I can not  resist for more than a few years to the same everyday
  life.

  And now I''m in front of. Immense! the wind blowing strong, the grains of sand looking
  like bullets.

  The beach towels of the swimmers flying away, probably running away.

  So high, almost violent waves. The water is crystal clear, the paradisiacal beach,
  despite the proximity to the city.

  After a swim, we sit on the grass in the shade of pine trees for a picnic.

  And in grasping all its essence, I forget about your absence in the past months.
  I look at the phrase engraved in my i-pod - so close, no matter how to make - your
  most intense gift.

  In your eyes I see the shades of blue of the ocean; I adore the contrast with your
  tanned olive face and the color of your hair. Moreover, I can not imagine how intense
  our road trip will be in the next few weeks.'
