Title: Every day peoples&#39; stories
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/every-day-peoples-stories
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Katlego Galokaiwe
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: I am an aspiring traveller who grew up in a country that does not, at least
  not enough, encourage its citizens to travel. That however could be reason why there
  were incidents of xenophobia towards people from other countries inflicted upon
  by the people from my own home. I am 23 year old South African student currently
  doing my diploma in Civil Engineering, but my passion is to be a photographer. I
  have had an entry level Canon camera for almost two years now and in my journey
  to discovering my type of photography I have realised that that I love street photography
  as well as potrature. These elements of photography required me to break out of
  my comfort zone into walking the streets of Cape Town CBD, a city I currently reside
  in. Some of these streets are dangerous. I could have gotten my camera stolen or
  simply robbed but it is right there where the natural essence of travelling and
  capturing the emotions of the city and its people is more rich. My goal is to travel
  the world and go into adventures and capture the raw emotions and experience of
  another city somewhere in the world. Go on adventures that I could have never been
  able to afford in my life. One other city I have been to is Johannesburg, which
  is known for its rich street culture and diversity. The first time I had went there
  I was 9 years old and it was the scariest experience in my life. Everything was
  so fast and the people were speaking too many languages while on the other hand
  there were too many sounds coming from either taxi hoots, shouts, screeching of
  car tires and just murmmering from people nearby and in I'm far distances. Furthermore,
  in all this chaos I had no idea where I was going. I was visiting my aunt and I
  had my luggage and a phone with low battery. I had to catch another taxi to get
  to where she was and i had no idea how to catch one safely being that young and
  first time in such a busy dangerous city.  However I eventually got help from the
  drive and had someone paid to deliver me safely. It was by far my best travelling
  experience. Pity then I had not yet know that one day I'd want to become a photographer
  or a travel writer or even a blogger. Travelling is for me the best way to enhance
  the opportunity to learn languages, food and fashion since I'm also into clothing
  design. There's a lot of cultural aesthetics I always learn from other people that
  I incorporate into what I do. I really do not have many travel stories and that
  is what i want to change about my life. Life is too short to stay in one place.
  Growing up in a remote rural area where there is not a lot of things to do or find
  inspiration from is quite limiting. And I do not want to become another person who
  only ever gets a chance to travel only at the age of 60years. I am trying to achieve
  that goal before I turn 25years next year.
