Title: Expecting nothing is always the best plan
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/expecting-nothing-is-always-the-best-plan
SetInCountry: Israel
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Chandra de Melo Machado
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'In February I spent 15 days in Israel and it was one of the best experience
  of my life.


  First of all, I had planned the trip with my ex boyfriend and we broke up 3 months
  before. Everybody thought that I will give up the trip and when I told that I will
  go by myself everybody told "wow, a girl traveling alone to a different country
  like Israel, are you crazy ?!" I really didn''t care and I went. Now I know that
  I made the best decision of my life.


  It was my firts trip alone. I was tottaly willing to know new people, make new friends,
  try local food and know new places. I did not make a lot of plans, only let me live
  one day after another.


  My first impression was good. I arrived in Tel Aviv 11pm and after had spend a long
  time in the imigrattion and I was complettely scared - they do a hard control to
  enter in the country. As I went out to the airport I was not finding my shuttle
  and the police man helped me! He was so attentive - called to my hostel and the
  driver took me up.


  I arrived at the hostel and the experience was only getting better. I spent 4 days
  in Tel Aviv. It ''s an excited city and remember a lot Rio de Janeiro - place where
  I live. It''s a place with a hectic nightlife, a lot of bars and good restaurants
  - most of them are expensive, so I normally ate the street food in the lunck and
  made a good dinner in the evening. During the day you have the opportunity to chilli
  at the beach, run, visit some museums - the Tel Aviv Art Museum is huge and amazing!
  -, get lost on Jaffa neighborhood, where you can find the "Old City",and visit the
  markets - Carmel Market is a tourist place, but you can find some typical stuff
  and local food for a good price.


  After I went to Jerusalem and I surprised myself. I was expecting a retrograde town,
  but the city is amazing! The center has a big commercial area, a huge shopping mall,
  and the old city is a good spot to get lost and enjoy all the history and religion
  atmosphere. A tip is to visit the holocastum museum - it''s a huge museum that tells
  all the history aboout the Nazism in Europe and you can enjoy a good view of the
  city.


  Israel is complete and rich place! I mean that is somewhere that everyone can go
  and have a amazing experience as you can find a good night and day life, learn about
  a new and different cultural and religion, visit incredibles museums and make a
  lot of friend as everybody is welcoming and friendly. I wasn''t expecting anything
  and I come back totally in love for Israel!'
