Title: Explore the glory of world
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/explore-the-glory-of-world
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Biswajit  Jena
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Indi is a very religious country. You could see temples in every kilometer.
  The beauty of this country is it's natural treasure means hills, caves, waterfall,
  cost land etc. You can see different culture ,different costumes,different language
  all over this country. It's capital Delhi is very unique of itself. It is full of
  monuments and Mughal style gardens. The glory of rashtrapati bhavan is unbelievable.
  You can see lotus temple, akshardham, kutabminar inside the ncr area. The north
  Indian food is very delicious. You should try it once if you are coming over here.
  India has 30 states and 7 unionterirories. It's every states have different different
  cultures and their worshipped god is also different. One of the natural beauty state
  is odisha Which is famous for lord jagannath the Hindu god. The temple is situate
  at the sea coast of puri. Its a very beautiful place to explore. Near Puri there
  is Chilika lake which is world famous saline water lake. If you are visiting Chilika
  then I would suggest you please test the sea food mainly crabs. If you are a vegetarian
  then it's your fortune because you can get lots of delicious vegetarian food. There
  is lots of tourist places in this whole country .most of the place is religious
  and some are caves escalated by different rullers of India. You also get to see
  the seventh wonder of the word Taj Mahal at Agra. It's a symbol of love. If you
  are coming with your loved one or you wife please go to Taj and save a grate memory
  in your life. The golden temple of Amritsar is a treasure of religion people Itself.In
  the past India was ruled by different different rullers,amog them mughals did lots
  of minars, quilas,Domb.these are very famous.the lalquila at Delhi, Agra fort at
  Agra, bhangarh quila at bhangarh, Gwalior fort at MP, janshi Rani laxmibai quila
  at jhanshi, saniwarwada are very famous.  i would request you please once explore
  India and share your experience with everyone. It's a natural  beauty.
