Title: Eye specks disrupt
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/eye-specks-disrupt
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Janessa Palunas
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: On a hectic schedule though that I said I was a citizen of Philippines when
  I was young, I have not actually traveled to some various place within it. Due to
  hearing bad news, I had that thought that nothing was beautiful in my country- corrupt,
  high percentage of crimes,overpopulation, pollution in air, sound, water, mind and
  the list goes on. Hence, the environment appeared to be no good overall. Whilst
  I still have time or rather choose to open my Facebook conveniently seeing these
  wonderful heaps of scenery from other countries, I was dreaming of travelling towards
  them someday. I envied how beautiful this country is  and one and the other because
  of its government as well as its discipline and care for nature. Yet one thing changed.
  One time amidst my so-much bustling life, I somehow decided to go for a hike in
  a not-so-quite tourist spot called Tayawan which is located at the Northern part
  of the Philippines. There at the entrance, I walked through the ancient rocky with
  highly alkaline mud, close to being right angle steep, narrow and long aisle from
  the foot of the mountain to the top with no buttress to hold on when I had no choice
  but to chase my breath. Hence, I have realized why lazy people cannot visit this
  kind of place or rare people finds it lovely because few specifically studies about
  Earth Sciences. I feel chaotic because I was being tired physically and was deciding
  not to continue but I continued anyway until I get to the top. There I saw common
  views. I watched the other mountain foots full of houses and roads with strenuous
  traffics and people gathering in one place seeming like in a protest. Topsy-turvy
  in my eyes, what is more if it was with my ears?I was grateful I was watching this
  reality from afar. But a few minutes later, my eyes had caught glorious rays from
  the sunset on the horizon whilst seeing the quite blue empty space just above the
  high mountains and valleys. Temporarily, it had effectively swift the fact that
  I was living in a busy country. That was not just that but for once in my life,
  I have seen the bird's eye view of the snowy clouds loving gravity for longer time
  without being in airplane. I've never seen such an amazing view. I honestly thought
  I was in a different country but crazy, that moment I just realized that I have
  been discriminating or misjudging my own country. Later on as I go down on the other
  pavement to go back, I seemed to enter a way surrounded by tall pine trees, ferns,
  mushrooms as well as wild raspberries I picked on to. Furthermore, I saw these small
  village with traditional nipa huts and saw rare indigenous crafts with these calm
  carers of the mountain. That moment on, I was reminded that though my tiny country,compared
  to Canada or America, is overpopulated, it never ceased to astonish me that somehow
  there are beauties in diversity just within Philippines. Some are hidden yet, some
  are exposed, some are traditional, some are modernized,some are twisted and some
  are common. Somehow amidst the 'bad' things I define or describe, it depended on
  where my eyes and ears were being set on. I just realized that seeing something
  lovely is starting from realizing that they are. Eye specks disrupt I could have
  plucked it away earlier so that I could have never seen them all wrong or ugly but
  grandeur.
