Title: '#FakfakFact'
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/fakfakfact
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Arif Mukhtar Hasbi
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: It is one of the experiences you may have as a consequence of a job requiring
  you to move from one place to another. To encounter new people is inevitable. To
  see new sight you barely see everyday is a joy. I work as a part-timer auditor for
  organic product as well as a graduate student. My job brings me to the place I never
  imagined. Some are the most remote area in a vast archipelago of Indonesia, some
  are around. But new things are always there. In Fakfak, West Papua, I found a whole
  new landscape of a city, where the civilization crowd is concentrated all along
  the gulf and peninsula beach line, while the rest is a fully covered nutmeg forest,
  the symbol and main commodity of the city. Different to other cities, Fakfak is
  Papua's most muslim-populated city, due to its history as a trading hub between
  Papua and Maluku allowing muslim trader with their wealth and doctrine come and
  go by. Therefore, seeing the locals wearing hijab, sarung, or sorban is not a rare
  sight here. Even the oldest mosque of the Island is also here, in Kokas District
  to be precise, becoming tourist attraction as well as economic boost for the locals,
  not to mention the grander, more modern mosque in the city center, The Grand Mosque
  of Fakfak. It is also no coincidence if you heard that Fakfak is the safest city
  in Papua, regarding to negative streotypes surrounding Papuanese, because the culture,
  is far more enjoyable here. People giving a helping hand each other, regardless
  the skin, tribe, or religion, supported by the fact that it is common in one family
  to have its members devouted to different religions. To see them all, you are forgiven
  if you think you are not in Papua.
