Title: 'Far From Home: A 9th Grade Epiphany '
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/far-from-home-a-9th-grade-epiphany
SetInCountry: Jamaica
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Erin Sawden
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'I grew up in a small village located by the Bay of Fundy in Atlantic Canada;
  picturesque and peaceful, though somewhat lacking in opportunity. However, a chance
  to travel came when I was 14 when my parents told my siblings and I that they''d
  saved up enough money for a trip. Thankfully, they meant for all of us (at least
  this time).


  As a family of introverts, the long lines of Disney Land were quickly dismissed.
  In hindsight, they had clearly come into this conversation with a plan, and it didn''t
  take long for them to convince us that Jamaica would be our destination. Fine by
  me!


  After my first ever flight, a 5 hour voyage out of Halifax, we landed in one of
  Jamaica''s cities, Montego Bay. Known partly for its popularity as a tourist destination,
  resorts were littered all across the coast. I saw these on the bus ride from the
  airport, which may have been my favourite part of the entire trip. It began with
  the first Jamaican man I had ever met, sitting behind the wheel of the bus as he
  pulls out onto the left side of the road, declaring-


  "The left side is the right side and the right side is suicide!"


  - I was fascinated to watch this left side driving in action.


  What a stark contrast Montego Bay was to a Halifax left only half visible by blizzard.
  My eyes were darting all around the bus, which was thankfully filled with large
  open windows that let me observe the first country I had ever seen besides my own.
  There were mountainous palm trees, swaying in the cool wind, buildings and homes
  all across from the ocean, so varying in their colours and materials. There were
  also goats. I had never seen so many goats.


  The water was truly brilliant. I had never in my life been able to see my own feet
  while standing in the ocean. I remember how amazed I was at just watching my feet
  sink into the sand of the ocean floor, engulfed.


  I would tell you about the resort, but I''m not sure what I could say.


  It was certainly serene, though I at one point began to question how sheltered I
  was. Not just on this journey, but in general. In truth, the most I really got to
  see or learn of Jamaica as a country was from the bus ride to the resort. Inside
  the resort, I was waited on, allowed my shyness to keep me from meeting new people,
  and in perhaps the biggest sin of all, barely tried the local cuisine!


  When looking up at the stars on our last night in Jamaica, I turned to my sister
  and spoke with a voice that brought new meaning to a simple statement.


  "We''re so far from home."


  I had never taken a minute to truly absorb the fact that I was looking into a sky
  that  I didn''t entirely recognize. In what I''d have to somewhat obnoxiously describe
  as an epiphany, I realized, not only do I not have to remain in one small town for
  the rest of my life, but I don''t have to grow up into someone that I don''t want
  to be. There is a world outside of my home that is so diverse, gorgeous, and complicated,
  and I don''t need to hide from it. I don''t need to hide from it the way that I
  had been hiding from everyone else, the way teenagers often do.


  Six years later and I have not seen another country, though I fully intend to do
  so soon! Still, I haven''t let go of the important lesson I learned when I travelled
  all those years ago. I''ll never let my fear of the unknown or my fear of rejection
  keep me from experiencing what this curious planet has to offer. When I''m offered
  new foods, I taste them. When I hear of cool places to see, I run to them. When
  I get to meet new people, I feel grateful to embrace them. I leapt into the unknown,
  and I hope to do that every day for the rest of my life.'
