Title: Father and Daughter Journey at Jungfraujoch, Switzerland
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/father-and-daughter-journey-at-jungfraujoch-switzerland
SetInCountry: Switzerland
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Shony Erdinal
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: Switzerland is one of most beautiful country in the world. My dream also to
  bring my wife and daughter to go there to step our feet and creating memory. We
  took flight from Rome International Airport to Zurich International Airport on month
  of May 2018. My daughter was 1 year 4 months old at the time. Switzerland was our
  8th visited countries during our travelling journey on month of May 2018 beside
  France, Belgium, Holland, Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, and Italy. We spent
  only 1 night at Zurich city, and we were happy with the Zurich lake and Zurich old
  town where we stayed overnight. It's quite big and clean lake of the city and has
  good panoramic as sightseeing. We used train from Zurich Central station to Grindelwald
  to explore Jungfraujoch as one of legendary top of mountain. We arrived at afternoon
  in Grindelwald station which located in the middle of city. It's a small city and
  it just take around 2 hours to know more about the city. I bought some food at the
  city while my wife and daughter waiting at hotel since we almost run-out some carried
  food along with us started from our country. After dinner, we took sleep and we
  really enjoy the room which faced to mountain. We let our room curtain opened to
  see the many lights shines at the mountain. That night was an enjoyable and restful
  sleep for my wife and my daughter.  When we woke up, sun has arises and its light
  came into our room. We took shower and breakfast at the hotel restaurant, then we
  ready to explore Jungfraujoch. Grindelwald station was the place where we bought
  ticket to travel to Jungfraujoch. The train route was amazing, we acrossed the mountain
  with beautiful panoramic. The challenging was the route located on elevation, and
  my heart  beat faster than normally. I still can't imagine how the government build
  the train rail way on such place especially when the train entered the mountain
  to go to the top of mountain where I can feel the train was uphill move. Then finally
  we arrived at Jungfraujoch last station where all passenger were passed down. We
  walked inside the mountain with very cold temperature, but we still can neglect
  it since we wore coat. As soon as we reached one of outer end side of the mountain,
  we found skiing place for tourist. We played snow at there for couple minutes and
  my daughter really love it. We came from tropical country where snow never happens
  at any season. We looked at the time, there were some people who walked moved away
  from skiing place to another place where I still don't have know where they were
  going to. Myself and my wife agreed to find-out what was there. There were some
  sticks plugged into the snow as direction for the traveller. We have walked around
  30 minutes and became more far away from skiing place, and we met fewer people.
  15 minutes after, my wife told me she can't continue to walk since she was in menstruation
  period. I talked to her that she can go back to skiing place and wait me there and
  asked her to walk slowly since it was slippery and little bit downhill way. I talked
  to my daughter eventhough may she can't understand, that we must continue to reach
  the end of point of the way. 30 minutes after, finally we arrived at the a cafe
  located at very top of mountain leaned back to side of mountain. We took rest few
  minutes and my daughter looks still good with no chilled. An old woman talked to
  me and told that my daughter was one of the most happiest baby in the world since
  she can arrived at top of mountain higher than Jungfraujoch, and only fewer baby
  in the world can do that. That was one of wonderful and unforgetabble memory between
  me and my daugher and I talked to her that she could brings me there many years
  again when I already become an old man. She just smiled which i considered she understand
  what i am talking about.
