Title: Fear and discovery
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/fear-and-discovery
SetInCountry: France
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Guilherme Henrique Araujo Moreira
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: Recently I gathered my courage and money and left my country for the first time.
  I decided to go to England and train my English for a month, studying and getting
  to know the country a lot. One weekend I chose a destination in which I knew nothing
  of his language but a knowledge about his history. I traveled by train from London
  - Paris and on this day my class was delayed to finish and with that I lost my way
  I had to buy another one. In November 2018 I arrived in Paris to spend 2 days and
  I got lost in the exit signs of the train station because they contained very small
  English information and I was madly in search of a free wifi to connect and I where
  I would be staying.After a few minutes, I was able to connect to the internet and
  received numerous messages from my friends and family saying that Paris is dangerous
  and not to go out at night, take care of pickpocket. With that, I was totally scared
  because I did not expect this from the city, I ran to the hostel. Arriving and without
  speaking French the receptionist answered me perfectly in English and went to the
  shared room. Arriving in the room there was a man and the first thing he told me
  was that we're in the worst hostel in Paris, that left me mussed and scared still.
  I asked him if it was safe to walk through those streets he said no (I almost cried).
  To make matters worse there were no closets in the room and I did not know where
  to leave my backpack and with that I would have to take it everywhere but luckily
  I had a cupboard at the desk (paid) and it was the only solution not to have to
  carry weight with me always . Still the same night I managed to walk the streets
  around the Hostel and without fear I met a little of the night of Paris.The other
  day in the morning I would not know what to do, I had a long day wanting to know
  everything but fear came back and my days were ending. With that I had the idea
  to talk with a friend who lives in the city and ask to be my guide and luckily he
  accepted and I could not be happier. He picked me up at the Hostel, guided me on
  the subway and we went to the Eiffel Tower (magnificent) and shortly afterwards
  we went to the Arc de Triomphe. However, we noticed that nearby subway stations
  were closed and siren noises everywhere but ignored and we walked to the same. The
  sirens were intensifying and a certain concern began in us. (What was happening?),
  We asked each moment. Arriving at Arc we noticed an intense manifestation and we
  were surprised by bombs of smoke everywhere, rushing and policemen. The fear increased
  but we managed to get out of the middle of the whole demonstration but many streets
  contained the smell of pepper gas and that was too bad for our eyes and nose. Luckily
  we escaped and decided to continue our walk and went to the Louvre Museum, a safe
  place, and managed to deflect our fear with all those wonderful arts and pictures,
  including the mona Lisa. At the end of the afternoon we ended our visit to the museum
  and decided to go to a bar to drink and forget about all the confusion of the day.
  We danced, drank and had fun until late and my friend took me back to the Hostel.
  The next day and last day in Paris, I was able to return to the Eiffel Tower alone
  and it made me very happy because I faced my fear and went to face the unknown and
  of course I lost myself too quickly but I found the correct directions and I was
  able to take advantage of the last ones time in Paris. I took advantage and arrived
  very early in the season so I did not risk losing the train again.
