Title: Feelings of a traveler
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/feelings-of-a-traveler
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Carolina Castagno
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Being a exchange studant in the other side of the world gives you so many emotions.
  Last January, when I boarded to Canada to stufy French in Montreal I was sure that
  it was going to be so easy! I traveled without my parents before, what could be
  different this time? Leaving by myself for 6 weeks doing what I love the most -
  treavealing and learning a new language - it was going to be the best days of my
  life! The first thing that I felt during this trip was excitement. But thinks started
  to feel a little bite different as the hours in the air was slowly passing by. I
  landed and met my new family. After a few hours, they left to do their stuff and
  I was all by myself again. The exciment was still there, so I left to get to know
  the city. It was cold like I never seen before. I got lost. I was all alone in a
  country tottaly different. I didn''t know anyone there. And for the first time in
  my life I felt lonly for real. The next day I made friends at school. The joy I
  felt having people to share that expirience was an amazing feeling. After a couple
  of weeks, I went to NYC by myself. Not like the time I arrived in Montreal, when
  I leanded in NYC I felt free. The city as itself makes you feel like you can do
  anything, that that place can make all yours dreams come true. But, being their
  with only myself, my dreams and my ideias, being able to go where I''d like whenever
  I''d like was like nothing else. Back in Montreal, I starded to feel like an outsider.
  An outsider among the friends I made. That feeling when you start to realize you
  have nothing in comon with the people around you. I feel really glad to have had
  them there, but I can''t say I didn''t felt relieved when they left. The last week
  I was there was a mix of feelings: in one side I was very sad because I was leaving
  and soon I would have to face reality again. I was also tired because I didn''t
  stop for 6 weeks. I had enjoy every moment, Netflix I can watch at home. In the
  other hand, however, I was anxious. A happy anxius thought. I wanted to get home
  and to see my family. Still, most of the time I was there I felt the happiest I
  ever did. I felt like I belonged there - not in Canada, but in the travel life.
  The pure happines you feel when you are doing what you love the most. Now, I feel
  thankful. To have had all those expiriences, to discover my passion and to had all
  those feelings. I got to know not only about other language and other culture, but
  about myself and I believe that''s one of the best things a trip can give to you.'
