Title: Fighting Through Recovery
DateModified: '2019-02-24'
DatePublished: '2019-02-24'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/fighting-through-recovery
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nicole (Niki) Spino
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I hit a semi head on, a month after my first cage fight.  I won, 1st round
  2 1/2 minutes. I had a severe TBI.  Coma for months, broken bones. A mess.  I came
  home and my full-time job was recovery.  My right arm was far from being fixed.
  I limped a bit, couldn''t run, and good barely hit. I only survived, they said,
  because of the shape I was in.  Muay Thai (Thai Boxing) was my obsession. I needed
  to fix my tattered body. I was far from normalcy and even further from the fighter
  I had been and wanted to become once again.  So, what do I do?


  Head to Bangkok of course!


  The birthplace of my passion.  I stayed at a bungalow in Master Toddy''s Gym.  It
  had everything I needed.  I became a gym rat.  I trained 2 hours in the morning,
  2 hours at night, slept, repeat.  It was hot, hard, and awesome.  Master Toddy and
  his wife treated us like their own little Muay Thai family.  I ate at the same few
  places, trained, and went to fights.  I lived Muay Thai.


  We went to the famous Lumpini Stadium, which seats 9,500 and it was packed as always.


  Thais love Muay Thai.  It''s the national sport, like Football is in America.  Kids
  grow up boxing to make money for their very poor families.  Thais don''t have much,
  but they are the kindest, most genuine people.  Whole families live in tiny rooms.


  I also went, with my Muay Thai family, to get tattoos.  I did not get one, tho I
  wish I would have gotten a clear one.  They do it in clear ink. Knees for strong
  knees, elbows for strong elbows, the back of the hand for strong punches, etc.  You''re
  probably thinking, what''s the point?  Well, they are done by Monks and blessed.  That
  is why you see so many fighters all tatted up.  They are truly blessed :)


  I went to a ton of fights by Master Toddy''s students.  Most are foreigners who
  live, train, and fight for the gym. All fights are pro and for money.  The gym gets
  a cut for training you and you get a cut.  A fight is really something to see in
  Thailand.  There''s no doubt you''re going to see blood. Knees and elbows are vicious.  The
  crowd gets in a betting frenzy that is ongoing.  You must be careful not to make
  a gesture that would obligate you to participate in the bet.  There are always crowd
  favorites and headliners.


  Muay Thai is a true art form.  You start with the Wai Kru. The fighter performs
  it by circling the ring three times before kneeling and bowing three times as a
  sign of respect to God and man.  He also bows to Buddha to ask for protection for
  himself and his opponent and for an honorable fight.  The fighter then performs
  the Ram Muay, whose simple movements demonstrate a fighter''s control and style.  It
  is performed on each side of the ring.  It is a personal ritual and often contains
  clues about who trained the fighter and where the fighter is from.  The fighter
  may wear a headband called a Mongkon and armbands known as Pra Jiad during the ceremony.
  They represent the gym, trainer, and are blessed by Monks.  Sarama music is also
  an integral part.  It is played during the fight to urge the fighter to fight harder.


  We attended the World Muay Thai Martial Arts Festival and Wai Kru Muay Thai Ceremony
  at Nai Khanom Tom Monument, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Stadium.  This festival aimed
  for the preservation of Thai martial arts and self defense.  It was a tribute to
  Nai Khanom Tom,  who is highly regarded as a Muay Thai folk hero.


  I was there for my big 30th Birthday.  A little depressed, because I wasn''t where
  I wanted to be at that point in my life.  Partially, because my life was put on
  pause, because of my accident.  But hey, I was in Bangkok.  We went bar hopping,
  dancing, ate, drank (maybe a little too much).  We had a blast.


  Thailand healed me.  Mind, Body, and Sole.'
