Title: Finding happiness
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/finding-happiness
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Zara Shafiq
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: 'A miracle that happened to me when I was on the verge of losing my soul. I
  was heart broken, lost and shallow. I didn''t know that a miracle could lead me
  towards finding my soul. The journey begins and Dubai happened to me.

  Dubai became a miracle for me. Although it''s a place full of luxuries and shopping
  but for me it led me towards a spiritual path. I call my journey a spiritual path.

  Meeting new people from all around the world as it''s a tourist place. What I found
  in Dubai is tolerance, peace and respect. Here people are not racist. There are
  different people from different parts of the world which made me open up my mind.
  The more I travel from metro the more i came to know people better.

  I made new friends from Greece, India, Philippines, Lebanan and Bangladesh and I
  was thanking God for the people who came into my life and met me and grew my experience
  of friendship with these different nationalities that I can only find in Dubai as
  it''s a tourist place. No racism no hatred towards each other. I discovered my soul
  here by expanding my vision and opening my mind more. This place has some sort of
  magic in it. A magic that can easily be seen in the tallest buildings, high waves
  and the blinking lights that made it some kind of a fairy land.

  I am blessed to find my lost soul here. I learned tolerance and patience. I found
  so much love from Dubai that it becomes the reason of my happiness. Most of us just
  ignore the happiness within us. All we need to do is just to find our inner happiness
  not the happiness which is temporary. In my case I found it through traveling. My
  piece of advice for all the people who needs to search life, go out and experience
  through traveling. Feel life feel Dubai.'
