Title: Finding myself again
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/finding-myself-again
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Cleiton De Arantes
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: Nepal is that kind of country surrounded by magic, mysticism and love. You just
  realise this giving up your thoughts and background, living your life day by day
  learning though the process. Before travelling there this year I had no expectations
  like that. My first day was chaotic. Nothing worked properly I mean when you compare
  with west standards. However, it's easy to fall in love with their atmosphere, music
  and people who are so happy and gentle by the way. On the streets people are praying
  to Gods all the time, giving gifts such as flowers, incense and coins. You can find
  yourself appreciating ceremonial as a child trying to figure out the world where
  they are in. Kathmandu, the biggest city and capital of Nepal, can be chaotic and
  wonderful at the same time. Moving from city to country side, I could find the lovely
  Pokhara, a city surrounded by a big lake and mountains. You can see Annapurna even
  so take a tracking to base camp. Indeed, doing paragliding is a must that everybody
  should do as well. The money you pay is nothing compare the experience you get.
  By the way, they have the biggest and popular paragliding flying point in the world.
  Talking about food, it's easy to find all sort of cuisines even drinks to warm up
  in winter season. I loved local people, always trying to giving you a best experience
  holding a truly smile in their faces. There is so many temples to check out and
  lessons to learn though the visits. Well, I could say that this country was the
  most unexpected place I have been before. So many memories craved in my mind and
  heart, and so many amazing new friends I have met as well. Certainly I'll be back
  there sooner. I'm waiting anxiously for this.
