Title: Finding me and becoming them
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/finding-me-and-becoming-them
SetInCountry: Cambodia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Aravinthan Sathanandhan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: This story is not about me travelling to different parts of the country. It's
  about my volunteering experience in an unexpected place and with unexpected people
  in Cambodia for 45 days. It was a rainy day in the month of June in Cambodia. I
  was on my way to Bour Kry School in Bekchan Market, 40kms far from Phnom Penh city.
  Before I entered Cambodia my plan was to teach and visit as many places as possible.
  But when I stepped into the school my plans changed in an instant. It was weird
  and also I felt excited to start my adventure. I never expected to stay with monks,
  and I got a chance to see the real poverty that I never experienced in India that
  close. The place that I stayed in was uncomfortable in the beginning. I didn't know
  how to react to those surroundings and people. My purpose to come to Cambodia was
  different. But after a few days interacting with the monks and the students of that
  school, I realized, "I need to change my thinking. I need to help those kids in
  every possible way I can". After that, my whole experience in that place started
  getting different. The reason behind choosing Cambodia is because people had a different
  conception about Cambodia. Many of them thought it was an African Country. It's
  funny because that's how almost half of the Indian Students are. I wanted to change
  that being a 19-year old I cannot tell people to do something without me experiencing
  change within myself. I went to Cambodia to show people how amazing Cambodia was.
  I am still amazed at how did I able to handle those situations that I faced in Cambodia.
  Students and teachers in the school were happy to see a foreigner initiating new
  things that grab students interest in learning English. Apart from teaching, I went
  to some interesting places Kampot Province and Siem Reap. I stayed in Siem Reap
  for three days. I was very conscious about spending money. I wanted to go to Angkor
  Wat Temple which is one of the World's Seven Wonders. But I need to spend around
  50$ to visit the whole place. I didn't want to spend that money. But still I luckily
  I visited Angkor Wat in my own way which eventually turned out to be one of the
  interesting adventures that I ever did. I took a bicycle for 2$ from the hostel
  and started cycling to Angkor Wat which is around 8kms from my hostel. Unfortunately,
  they stopped me in the gate for not having the ticket. I searched for another way
  to reach the temple. I found another way but I need to cycle for another 14kms.
  Guess what I did? I did cycle for 14kms and that cycling ride was simply wonderful.
  I was able to discover a lot many places where Foreigners did not go to and were
  able to see the beautiful sunset with the local farmers who invited to have a meal
  with them and finally able to see Angkor Wat by just spending 2$. That's when I
  realized adventure is where when you want to go the other way around. Then I came
  back to school and started teaching. The lesson I learnt from my cycling ride made
  to tell the school teachers to change the way of teaching. I made a different schedule
  for the school and I'm happy to see the school following the schedule that I made
  even now. At the end of my 45th day, I left school with tears of regret. You may
  wonder "Why?" I did a small contribution change something for students but when
  I heard the vision of the Monk who was the Director of the school, I realized what
  I did was very little. I wanted to stay there but due to finances, I need to leave
  Cambodia.But when I left I left as one of them. It did create a huge impact on my
  daily life. I started living a more simplistic life than before and stopped craving
  for fancy things and importantly found my passion. I'm still looking for more adventures
  and life-changing experiences......
