Title: Finding me in Bali
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/finding-me-in-bali
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Mina Mousavi
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I was sitting on the plane with anticipatory excitement of what I would experience
  upon my arrival in Bali, I felt in that moment that I had succeeded. What exactly
  I had succeeded in was making a dream come to, to travel across international waters,
  to do it on my own and do it feeling so free and unchained financially. It was a
  trip for me by me and that felt like success in that moment. What I didn't know
  at the time was how much Bali would strip me of myself or the self I was when I
  boarded that flight. They say that Bali is magic and I have to agree, but the magic
  of Bali isn't one that can be explained it's one that must be experienced. In a
  land of such happy people that thrive in pure joy off of the most minimalistic of
  necessities I found myself naked in a land of the unknown. My ego was stripped clean,
  everything I was taught to be was cleared and reset. I found myself grounded, one
  with the earth. Standing on the edge of endless waters, looking out into the Indian
  Ocean seeing farther than you could imagine possible I was but a spec in this largely
  over populated world. The sun reflected off the water creating colors in a nature
  I had never experience before. Shades of pink, purple and blue surrounded me. I
  was in a place so far from the home I had always known, pealed away from expectation
  and demands brought here by a remarkable invention that flys us through air by a
  pilot who had years of training. To stand there looking out into the world appreciating
  every ounce of everything that got me there, feet planted in the earth, eyes soaring
  across the sky, now I had made it, now I was whole, now stripped of all beliefs
  I was me.
