Title: Finding Peace
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/finding-peace
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Swati Priya
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Earlier this year, there was this time when nothing was going right in my life.
  On the edge of losing the job as well as a heartbreak. The wounds were fresh and
  I needed to get away from it. I felt like going to a land where nobody knew me,
  not even a single soul. And being a person who loves traveling alone, I decided
  to go on a solo trip so that I get some time to introspect my thoughts. And I decided
  to go on a trip to Rishikesh, a trip that was long due. A place that was on my travel
  list for really long and even being in Delhi for 15 years, which is just a few hours
  away from Rishikesh, I never got a chance to visit the town. So I booked the tickets
  a day before the day I decided to leave for the town. Took the bus in the hope of
  finding peace. It was a 5 hours journey. I started at 11 in the night and reached
  at around 4.30 in the morning. Being stupid enough to not book a hotel prior, I
  had to roam around the town for an hour or so in search of a place to stay. As the
  sunlight struck the town, people started coming out of houses and were sweet enough
  to help me with the hotel hunt. I got a decent hotel near Laxman Jhula near which
  all the good cafes are. After taking rest for few hours, I decided to go out for
  exploration. I had breakfast at a nearby cafe named HoneyHut. Cheesecorn sandwich
  with a nice cup of hot coffee. After being done with breakfast I headed towards
  the other side of Laxman Jhula. On the bank of the river on the other side of Jhula
  there is a huge multistorey Shiva temple. It has each form of Shiva on each floor
  along with the statues of other Hindu gods and goddesses. Climbing the stairs I
  reached the top floor of the temple and the view was majestic, completely breathtaking.
  On the left there was the town with all the houses and hotels and Laxman Jhula of
  course and on the right there were mountains and trees and downwards, the river.
  Though having a phobia of height I just wasn't able to take my eyes off the scenic
  view from the temple. After being done with that I went to another cafe and had
  my lunch and then it was almost the time for sunset which is the best time to sit
  at the banks and Ganges and observe the peace and beauty of the place. Sitting at
  the banks I realized how much this place has to offer, and why didn't I visit this
  place before. Then after the sunset I went to the famous Beatles cafe near the Jhula
  to have dinner. The cafe has a great ambience, plays great music and serves the
  best noodles. The day ended with a great dinner. The next morning I decided to visit
  the very popular Beatles ashram. I took a lift from a local boy, who dropped me
  right Infront of the ashram entrance. I went inside only to find out why The Beatles
  chose this very place. Between the jungle, amid trees and a great view of Ganges.
  That was the closest I have been to mother nature ever in my life. It has the ruins
  of the ashram that was once there. A place one must visit if in Rishikesh. Usually
  I don't click pictures but ended up clicking every corner of the ashram. From there
  I went to see the Trivenighat Aarti in which prayers are being offered to Ganges
  and 4 dishaas (4 directions). The priests had a unique style of moving hands to
  all four directions. After the Aarti I sat on the banks for few minutes and then
  went to have dinner in The Buddha cafe, their mashroom dumplings are to die for.
  And with the amazing food my trip beautiful weekend trip came to an end. I went
  there to find peace which I did along with beauty, nature and memories.
