Title: Find a new Family in everytimes  by my travel
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/find-a-new-family-in-everytimes-by-my-travel
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Hera Batti'
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: In 2017 i went to travel to Wamena-Papua. For the first time, when i arrived
  in Wamena i was a little bit worried about the situation there, because Wamena is
  one of trouble places in Papua. Even though of the bad situation they have beautiful  sceneries
  and have many travelling spots. Some of my memoriables of my travelling times in
  Wamena are when i was iin the airport waiting for my friend to take me. The local
  people suddenly asked me to take some pictures with them, laugh with me and some
  of them ask me for going to their home for visiting, by their kindness to me makes
  all my worried suddenly gone and my curiosity about Wamena is getting bigger. the
  next day i visited Wamena's traditional market i met  with one of local people who
  asked me take a pictures in the airport i call her "Mama". She is one of vegetables
  seller she gave me some of vegetables and asked me for come in her home, and i said
  yes, she so happy until hug me so tightly, i'm just feel so blessed met her in the
  traditional market because by that time i had wonderfull experience. In the next
  day i came in her house, she was cook a traditional food " Papeda" and they  were
  cook another menu with traditional  method  it's called " Bakar Batu" in English":Burn
  the Stone". We ate together and she teached me how to make traditional hand made
  from Papua, it's called " Noken". Noken is a traditional bag from Papua especially
  from Wamena, it's not just for putting things but also for putting a baby together
  with their pigs. I'm a lttle shocked when i saw a baby and a pig their putting tigether
  in the one of noken, but t's also make me interest about Papua's cultures, even
  though many people said that Papua still has many trouble places, the local people
  still be nice and very welcome for a tourist like me, even they treat and think
  of me as their family and i'm feel so blessed have a travel in Wamena- Papua, and
  i was falling in love with that place.
