Title: First time in Lyon
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/first-time-in-lyon
SetInCountry: France
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Desislava  Chorbadzhieva
AuthorCountry: Bulgaria
Text: 'My first travel experience in another country was when I was a teenager. I
  really wanted to see new places outside of my country so that was a dream come true.
  I went to Lyon with my parents and my brother. I have never expected that I would
  love this city so much.

  First of all, we rented an apartment which was close to the center so we could walk
  instead of using the public transport. Of course we used it a few times but we preferred
  exploring the squares, the beautiful architecture and the interesting people. There
  were people from all over the world.

  Second of all, one day while we were doing our usual sightseeing we heard some music
  playing and a crowd of people were looking at a rap dance performance. My family
  and I full of curiosity approached the crowded area and we saw a group of teenagers
  dancing. They were really good. Four boys and a girl were the group members. We
  decided to put some money in the hat that they had put so that they could earn some
  money thanks to their talent. When the crowd was gone we were still there expecting
  for some more performance. They gave us a card with their website written on it.
  That was the moment when we started talking. My brother and I took a picture with
  them. The group name was Soom''s Street Crew. One of the boys was from Switzerland.
  When he heard that we were from Bulgaria he was full of happiness because he had
  a friend who lived in Bulgaria. His friend was from Plovdiv. That was a good opportunity
  to see him again one day. We changed our numbers so that we could stay in touch.
  The next few days of our journey in Lyon was very exciting. Soom''s Street Crew
  had dancing shows in different places of the city - near the river side, in front
  of the opera house, in the park, next to the stadium. After each show we talked
  about different things. Step by step a new friendship was born. When it came the
  day to go back to Bulgaria we were really sad. We all promised to keep the special
  connection we made. We went back to Bulgaria. The trip was over but our hope to
  see the group again was still alive. Couple of months later I had an unexpected
  call from the boy. He said that he arrived this morning in Plovdiv. My brother and
  I went right away at the bus station and we took the bus from Blagoevgrad to Plovdiv.
  When we arrived there we were really happy. That was an amazing reunion. Unfortunately
  the other members of the group couldn''t come but we had a video chat live from
  their night show.

  Finally we had a wonderful time together and I would never forget this experience.'
