Title: First impressions on the city
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/first-impressions-on-the-city
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Voreo  Mehu
AuthorCountry: Papua New Guinea
Text: On the 26th of April 2016 I had an amazing eye opening experience. I've never
  travel out of my country Till I was 22. It was in the early hours in the morning
  when I woke up saw the time was 5am. My flight to Brisbane was around 7am. I prepared
  myself the night before knowing that its gonna be my first time traveling overseas
  to study.i had so many thoughts running through my head thinking what's it gonna
  be like there. I have never seen a huge city like Brisbane before. I was more than
  ready to experience what's ahead of me. Early in the morning I went in checked in
  got myself sorted out in the terminal and I was so excited for the trip. I was alone.
  So as time came we entered the aircraft for departure. As we were about to take
  off the pilot gave us the departure brief my heart was beating so fast I was nervous
  and excited at the same time. Well we left Port Moresby at around 7:50 am.  After
  2hrs and 45 min into the flight the captain gave us a top of decent brief into Brisbane
  airport. This was the feeling I can't forget I was seating near the window when
  I looked down I could see small towns and road it was. We landed at around 10:10am.
  After the aircraft came to a complete stop we got out I was lost I didn't know what
  to do besides I was too shy to ask for help coz my English too wasn't that good
  and I would feel embarrassed if i speak. Anyway I came out of the terminal and there
  was no one waiting for me from that moment I was getting scared. One of the guy
  from the airport came because he saw me looking confused we spoke for abit and I
  told him that I needed to call the school he gave me his phone to use. While entering
  the number on his phone I was amazed to see the terminal and things that I haven't
  even seen in my life growing up such things like trains and the big bus it was so
  amazing. well after I called the school they told me to get a cab to school. I took
  a cab and travelled to my school on my way there I was just so amazed and shock
  to see what was around me. It's nothing like what I know from the airport to my
  school everything I saw was just so amazing and were new to my eyes growing up from
  an undeveloped country to this was a big step up. well I really love it and it was
  my first traveling experience and the best one I had in my life.
