Title: First day in Florence
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/first-day-in-florence
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ben Timperio
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Another nameless street, another faceless man, and every word spoken I can't
  comprehend. I'm completely lost. The sun beats down unforgivingly as my eyes dart
  across the foreign landscape trying to recognize anything. When I began my journey
  I was accompanied by my travel buddy Siri, but she has since passed away and been
  buried into the depths of my backpack. The streets are made of cobblestone, the
  little wheels on my luggage break my back as they make sure to tug on every crack
  and crevice in the uneven ground. Maybe this was a mistake. I turn down yet another
  alleyway looking for the apartment I'll be staying in. Sweat drips off my face like
  a faucet someone accidentally left on just a tad. I finally decide to ask for help.
  I turn down yet another alley to ask for help when I am met by a stampede of motorcyclist,
  quickly I paste myself and my luggage against the wall. I narrowly avoided the same
  fate as Mufasa. After making sure I was still intact, I ironically enter the shop
  that rented out the motorcycles. "Caio," the woman behind the counter blissfully
  greets me with. I guess that that means hello, "Caio," I hesitantly respond. After
  a quick, but awkward moment of silence I gesture to an address on a sheet of paper
  and she understands. I really should have learned some Italian before coming to
  Florence. She leads me outside and points to the door directly adjacent to her shop
  door, it's the address I was looking for. The sweet lady proceeds to taunt me in
  a language I don't understand and returns to her shop. The heat on my neck from
  embarrassment may be even hotter than the beating sun at this point. I reach for
  my keys, at least doors are the same here. I unlock it and try to turn the knob,
  but it's stubborn and refuses to work with me. I struggle to turn the knob before
  I accidentally push the door in. I guess door knobs are just decorative here, I'm
  just glad that the woman from the motorcycle rental place wasn't there to see me
  do something else stupid. I open the door and peer up the daunting concrete staircase.
  I check the address again and let our a deep sigh after realizing my room is on
  the top floor. Thunk, thunk, thunk, my suitcase slaps each stair. I heave up my
  suite case to the last floor in a dehydrated haze. I can hear voices inside, I put
  my keys in the door, but of course it won't unlock. The voices inside stop as they
  realize the situation I'm in. "Thank god, they're going to let me in," I foolishly
  think to myself. "Having trouble there buddy?" One of them jeers, followed by an
  explosion of laughter from my soon to be roommates. At least I can understand them,
  I'm home.
