Title: First travel to Europe
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/first-travel-to-europe
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Karim Fellah
AuthorCountry: Algeria
Text: 'I am Karim Fellah from Algeria, I am 26 years old, I am a PhD student in electrical
  smart grids and renewable energy integration at the Nation Polytechnic School of
  Oran-Maurice Audin in Algeria.

  Each year, doctoral students get funding from their university to go for a  research
  stay in any country where research laboratories related to their research project
  are available, in order to improve their skills. As I got an acceptation from the
  INESC TEC of Porto ( Institute for Systems and Computer Engineering, Technology
  and Science) and precisely from the "Laboratory of Power and Energy Systems" for
  a research stay, the next step was the visa application procedure and getting information
  about the city Porto (lifestyle, availability of accommodation during the research
  stay, contact persons who have already been to Porto, how are the people of Porto,...etc.).
  In fact, I was so enthusiastic to be in Porto as soon as possible because I got
  only the positive information about Portugal from my colleagues and friends.


  On the 12th of November 2018, it was my first travel outside of Algeria and my destination
  was into Porto. Once I have been there, I noticed that Portuguese people are so
  helpful and friendly either the young or old ones. every day I have enjoyed the
  path between the hosting institute and the residency because it''s new society and
  new culture to discover for everyday.


  My supervisor at INESC TEC and other researchers are helped me in term of my research
  project and to be adapted with their team. I have met many researchers from around
  the world whose activities are similar to mine, by the way it was an opportunity
  for me to discuss with them and exchange our ideas  about our cultures.

  Every weekend I enjoyed by visiting the different beautiful places in and near Porto
  (Porto center, Casa Musica, Nova de Gaia, monuments,...etc) and take some photos,
  also, I talk to people to discover Portuguese culture and language. I used to do
  shopping and buy some gifts for my family and my friends.

  After living for one month in such beautiful city, I felt that mind is grown and
  opened, and this experience has given me the impression to visit Portugal again
  for another research stay.'
