Title: Fish Guts and Football
DateModified: '2019-02-07'
DatePublished: '2019-02-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/fish-guts-and-football
SetInCountry: Senegal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Elizabeth Edwards
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'As dusk falls over the beach at Yoff, colourful pirogues (fishing boats) are
  brought into harbour to sleep for the night. Next to their bays is the fish market
  with every colour, size and shape of fleshy, slippery beast. Fish and crustaceans
  slop over wooden tables, women (who take the catch from the fishermen to sort and
  sell) gut and cut over stinking buckets of entrails, somehow without staining their
  brightly patterned dresses and scarves. The beach stretches along the bay from the
  fish market for almost a mile to the green and white turrets of the Great Yoff Mosque,
  resting peacefully on the sand. The beach is crowded with boys playing football,
  endless matches packed one after the other, with pedestrians and Lebu (the ethnic
  group that makes up most of Dakar''s fishing community) threading between players
  and goalkeepers. Horses and carts race along the beach either side of the games,
  disrupting and endangering but without any reaction from the future pro-football
  hopefuls. Beyond the mosque, boys practice wrestling with the dirty, cirgarette-spotted
  sand as their mat. After walking the length of the beach with a new friend, Omar,
  we turn back towards the fish market to find dinner. The sky and sea might as well
  be copied and pasted from an English coast: they are both grey and suffocating,
  with no sliver of light between them - and it''s cold. Just before we hit the fish
  market again, a Senegalese teenager yells to Omar in Wolof, gesturing at me, "I
  dream of a woman like that! Tell me, how can I get one?" Omar chuckles and shouts
  back, "I''ll pray for you!" Leaving the fish market, we turn inland down Yoff Tongor,
  down the narrow but busy and dusty main street, lined with sand and full of butchers,
  money shops and tailors. By now the sun has vanished. We enter a Dibiterie (grill
  house), comprised of a small, one room mud cave. The exterior is painted light blue
  and white with a black drawing of a ram. Inside it is pitch black except for a fire
  in the far corner, its flames licking two pieces of meat and the massive skull of
  a ram in the middle. Next to the fire, a barely visible man welcomes us. His wife
  is in the other corner breastfeeding in the dark. There''s no meat left for today,
  we''re too late. So on we walk, backs to the sea.'
