Title: 'Five years,  two suitcases and a big dream '
DateModified: '2019-02-16'
DatePublished: '2019-02-16'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/five-years-two-suitcases-and-a-big-dream
SetInCountry: Taiwan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Monica Azucena  Benitez
AuthorCountry: Taiwan
Text: 'Ever since I can remember  I always wanted to travel.  As a little girl I watched
  travel documentaries on TV instead of cartoons.  My nanny remembers that I would
  tell her time and time again that someday I would become like one of the people
  I watched on TV.  That I would travel the world and live in a foreign country.  In
  2005, at age 23 I decided that it was about time to work on my dream.  I decided
  to drop of college,  quit my job,  leave my boyfriend and move somewhere else in
  the world.  The first step was to find the means to finance my endeavor and since
  I had no savings and my family had repeatedly warned me that they weren''t in the
  position to support my exentricities I knew that I was on my own and that I had
  to find a way. I decided to visit every possible foreign embassy looking for scholarships
  that will give me the chance to travel,  learn about a different culture and possibly
  a new language.  After knocking on door after door, the Taiwanese embassy in Asuncion
  - Paraguay offered the best prospects for what I was looking for.  A full five years
  scholarship to study Chinese Mandarin for a year and four years of a college degree.
  I knew then that that was my chance.  I took the application forms and made sure
  they had my contact information so that they could get in touch the next year in
  February when they opened for calls.  There was no doubt in my mind that I would
  get the scholarship.  When the call finally came I began the application process.  At
  first, my name didn''t get through among the 25 chosen candidates (there were 20
  openings).  When I heard of this I wasn''t devasted or lost hope for a second.  Instead
  I started making calls to the people in charge until I got them to revise my application
  and have them tell me why I didn''t make it through. When they couldn''t give a
  good enough answer I asked to speak to their superiors.  They try to dissuade saying,  "we
  do have other scholarships, what about going to Cuba or Brazil?" " or you may want
  to try again next year. " My response was: with all due respect I am going this
  year and I  am going to Taiwan so if you could please let me speak to your superiors
  I will be eternally grateful. Anyways,  I was persistent enough that they had to
  let me talk to the woman in charge,  she personally revised my case and told me
  that I made it into the 25 but that now it wasn''t up to her but the embassy. She
  told me to prepare for the next morning because there was a test and an interview
  with the people who had to make the final cut.  All of these didn''t but confirm
  that I was on the right direction. The interview went well and  I made it to the
  final 20. I came to study but then I fell in love with this country,  I felt that
  I found my place. That piece of worldly heaven where I belonged. Since then,  I
  have been to China,  Japan,  Nepal,  Thailand,  Cambodia and Vietnam.  With every
  trip I fall deeper in love with this part of the world.  I love the contrasts,  the
  chaos,  the noise,  the colors,  the aromas,  the food,  the breathtaking natural
  beauty as well as the convenience,  fast pace,  rapid growing societies that are
  intrinsically linked to their past and their rich cultural heritage. I have my whole
  life here and I want to keep traveling but I also want to telly story.  I believe
  that I have a lot to offer.  But I need to learn how to dance with the pen so that
  I get to share my beautiful memories with people.'
