Title: 'Fly in the world '
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/fly-in-the-world-2
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rhmathulla Rahi
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: 'Here is my trip report for Dubai where I stayed for 3 days between Aug25-28.
  Here you go!


  Day 1(Aug 25) : Landed in Dubai around 7am in the morning, went through immigration
  quickly (opposite to what I thought, as there were many immigration officers serving),
  then greeted by an Arabian Adventure assistant who gave us his contact and all necessary
  information regarding hotel booking and Dubai. Took some snaps at Terminal 3, which
  is amazing. After a short while we were taken to the hotel. A small trouble occurred
  when we noticed we didn''t collected our baby pushchair from baggage reclaim belt,
  so immediately after reaching hotel we went back to the airport, and after little
  wait found it and came back to the hotel. Our hotel was Admiral Plaza Hotel, which
  was good 3-star hotel.


  After resting for couple of hours, went to Dubai Mall. Honestly, it was HUGE, although
  very beautiful and elegant. The Aquarium was nice, took soo many snaps almost on
  every floor :) There were guiding assistants almost everywhere in case someone got
  lost, although there were direction boards almost on every turn which was good.
  We found the prices of stuff there far higher then what we see in UK, so didn''t
  do much shopping.


  At 6.30pm we were booked for Burj Khalifa top, so we rushed to At the Top counter,
  and after short wait in the queue, we were in the amazing elevator which went to
  124th floor very fast. Only thing look weird to me was the elevator size which was
  small, so people have to queue and wait to go up or come down. Anyway, the Burj
  Khalifa top view was AMAZING...one can view miles from there. I saw Burj-al-arab,
  world islands, and fascinating view of Sheikh Zayed Road from there. Shortly the
  sun set and the lights were on, which multiplied the beautiful view. It was worth
  going there. Every corner you go will give different view of Dubai and it was soo
  beautiful. Stayed there for more than hour. Went striaght to Dubai Mall Food Court,
  had KFC which was good. You really need strong legs to walk in Dubai Mall, one have
  to walk alot, since its huge :)


  After dinner, went out to the see the fountains show which was good. Took many snaps
  behind Burj Khalifa, Souk-al-bahar, and the Address hotel. The only difficulty standing
  outside was it was too humid and warm even in the night, which forcefully shortened
  our stay outdoor. After that took a taxi back to the hotel. I must say, the Taxi
  rank facility was amazing, and so was Taxis. They were extremely comfortable, air-conditioned,
  and metered. I really enjoyed taxi rides.


  Day-2 (Aug 26): After having nice breakfast in Hotel, went straight to Mall of the
  Emirates. It was a nice, very beautiful mall, but much smaller as compared to Dubai
  Mall. The shops were almost same and so the prices. Saw Ski Dubai, didn''t fancy
  going inside, took many snaps. Had Texas Chicken in lunch at the food court (as
  I like fried chicken very much). From there took a taxi to Palm Jumeirah monorail
  station as I decided to go to Palm Atlantis via monorail. The monorail was good
  and the views were amazing. The train was almost empty so we sat at the front to
  get best views.


  After getting down at Aquaventure, walked to Palm Atlantis main entrance. The humidity
  was killing, but somehow get ourselves adjusted with it. Atlantis was good and the
  beach sunset looked beautiful. From there decided to go to Jumeirah Beach Walk,
  but unfortunately stuck in traffic on Sheikh Zayed Road, and it took almost an hour
  to get there. It came to my surprise that there were no lighting on the beach, and
  the beach was totally dark. I assumed


  there will be lights on the beach if someone want a beach walk(as we have in Seaview,
  Karachi), but there wasnt. The hotels and building were nice though. Went back to
  hotel from there, and my friend took us for a treat at BBQ tonight buffet in Bur
  Dubai which was awesome.


  Day-3 (Aug 27): Went to my family friends in Karama, and in afternoon went again
  to Dubai Mall on my wife wish :) Saw the leftover areas like the Waterfall and Dubai
  Ice Rink. Once again had many snaps, and spent couple of hours there. In evening,
  went to Jumeirah Public beach, and spent sometime in hot water :) From the beach
  it was a nice view of Burj-al-Arab and Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Went to hotel after
  that as we were too sweaty, had a bath and changed, went to Deira City Centre with
  my friend, and after that had a nice dinner in some Pakistani resturant near Dubai
  Creek (didnt remembered the name). Also stood for a while near Dubai Creek to see
  NBD building and twin towers. Came back to hotel earlier on cz we need to pack once
  again for our early morning onward flight to Karachi.


  Overall, I found Dubai simply amazing, highly modern, and a must-see place. The
  roads were huge with people driving at high speed. Loved Sheikh Zayed Road, it was
  huge and lovely, I cant express in words! Weather was bit of a problem which made
  staying outside difficult for us, but apart from that we found our first time short
  stay nice and good. Honestly, Dubai is amazing and can''t wait to come back (but
  in winter.. ha ha)


  Also, many many thanks to tripadvisor users for providing tons of useful information
  which helped alot planning my stay....Thanks guys!


  Thanks for reading folks'
