Title: Following the path of the friendship
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/following-the-path-of-the-friendship
SetInCountry: Cambodia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Alexander Anchia
AuthorCountry: Costa Rica
Text: An occidental, confused man arrives to Nom Pen, he only reads a little information
  before flying there, he is a backpacker, and most of his payment is not money, he
  usually pays in objects or souvenirs from his country.... He flies with a budget
  of $200 to spend in two weeks, in spite he knows Camboya is a cheap country it could
  be a little money. He brings only his backpacker with books, objects, some food
  and two pants, two shorts, one tennis, and other clothes. He goes with a big smile,
  sometimes walking hurry, other times walking slow, he tries to keep eyes high...
  He asks for the path to the beach from Nom Pen, he goes walking, some times a good
  man offers a free old transport for 5 or 10 kilometters, his strategic is eating
  early and wait until dinner to save money, he pays for a little hosts, or by cochsurfing
  looks for a host. In his first night, he tought he was robbed, because he didin't
  have his objects to interchange when he receives goodies or services, he continue
  a little depressed, without smiling, he ahad to pay for everything his last part
  of the path. Finally he is in front the sea, he returns to be happy, once swimming
  on the sea he catch peace again.  After three days in the beach, he took the decission
  to return to Nom Pen and then go to religious places to clean his soul. By the way
  he returned the same camping from some days ago, and he saw a box, oh My God!!!!
  My objects again. there are in the same place, Nobody has robbed me, perhaps as
  I am absentmind I lost the objects.  Again my objects and II am complete, so the
  funny traveler returned and they started to change for favors his objects. He went
  two different religion centers and at the end he could save $20 with other friends,
  he could taste different kind of dishes, and he paint the famous Mc Arthur phrase
  in one tree I shall come back. See you next time Cambodia!!!
