Title: 'Forest and I '
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/forest-and-i
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Suvedha Radhakrishnan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Went on a family tour to the deep forest near theni district Tamilnadu, India.
  Our cousin gang has six monkeys. Each are of different kind. Planned to walk through
  the forest together instead of hiring a vehicle. All were crazy to the core when
  they reach the forest. Because all six of them met together after 5 years. Eventually
  got excited. They cracked jokes, mocked and teased each other and had lots of laugh
  in between. Zig zaggy roads all along the way, darkness even in the day time, some
  unfamiliar animal sounds, rare passing of jeeps, scary wind, irresistibly flowing
  water made them to get scared but still there madness and laughter over poured the
  fear. Meanwhile they thought of playing. After a minute of discussion they decided
  to play hide and seek to have a gig and a fear experience together. All started
  to play. In the third round of their play. One of the cousins got diverted while
  running and didn't realize that she was left out from her gang. After running for
  a while she got realized the absence of laughter and people around her. Only the
  ultimate fear encircled her. Heart started to beat faster and faster. She can feel
  the unusual environment. She feared to death. She started to shout loud and so thinking
  that some of them could hear her from somewhere. But none responsed but her own
  voice. She got stuck in the centre of the forest. Hardly she can see anything around.
  Filled with trees, bushes and weird sounds. She lost hope that she'll join with
  her cousins. Thought she will die alone in that alien world. Started to cry out
  loud and ran around like anything. Suddenly one hand grabbed her like a wind. She
  couldn't realize that moment. She turned around and saw what is that. All of the
  sudden his eyes got enlarged, hands and legs got shaking, heart hardly beats it's
  beat. Her mouth was wide opened but still she couldn't speak a word... She moved
  her shaking hand and came near to touch that hand which grabbed her. All of the
  sudden she opened her eyes with full of sweat. She glanced around quickly to her
  left and right. And then she realized that, it was her dream. Took a deep breathe,
  drank a gulp of water, wiped her face and with some smile on her face, she went
  to bed.
