Title: Forever Six Hours Ahead of Time
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/forever-six-hours-ahead-of-time
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Leah Williams
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I remember waving goodbye as I entered the terminal at Miami International Airport,
  I remember the feeling of a goodbye rather than a "see you soon," because I knew
  my travels would bring back a new person, a new life. It was me, twenty strangers,
  my backpack and the cobblestone streets of Italy. My travels took me to Florence,
  Tuscany and Rome, I was studying art history and roman architecture for two months
  during the summer. In each city it happened, that moment when you realize you have
  found what you were looking for or rather something you did not know you were missing.
  You make lists in your head about the things you want out of life, for me it was
  to fall in love with people, places and things and Italy gave that to me. Within
  those two months I found pieces of myself in Michelangelo's paintings, at the train
  stop on Lepanto, during late night strolls past the Pantheon and at sunset overlooking
  the city. Florence was magical, the city made me feel like I was on a constant ride
  at Disney World as if the tea cup ride never had a stop button. Tuscany brought
  me peace, the kind of peace that my life back home never fulfilled, the kind that
  only red wine at sunset overlooking the Tuscan hillside can bring you. There was
  a sense of familiarity when I arrived in Rome, the kind that says "welcome home,
  we've missed you." Each place I visited that summer I left a piece of myself and
  took with me a new version of who I now knew I wanted to be. Sometimes, I relive
  these moments from Italy as if they happened yesterday, moments that make me feel
  like I am back in a different time zone or dimension. On the last night of our travels
  my professor raised a glass of his fine Italian wine and said, "When you leave this
  place you will not be the same person you once were." We were no longer in a room
  of twenty strangers, we now knew each other and ourselves more than we did two months
  ago. I believe there's much purpose in traveling, the feeling of discovery, and
  the chance to find and explore where you want to be and who you want to be when
  you get there. Then there is hope, that when you return home it is still the same
  but something in you has changed that can be found six hours ahead of time.
