Title: Foreigner
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/foreigner
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Isabella Trinidad
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'As has become my habit, I glance around the nearly-packed train car and give
  each of my fellow passengers a once-over in turn. One of my favorite things about
  the subway in New York City are the innumerable characters that populate it. I''ve
  lived here for nearly 4 months, and despite all my subway rides and all the characters
  that have brushed past (or barged into) me, I have yet to see anyone that looks
  quite like me.


  This is not new. At home in Metro Manila, the overflowing capital city of the Philippines,
  I don''t look like most people in most places I go. My legs are too long, my skin
  is too porcelain pale, my voice too painfully American English-ized through constant
  ex. I have roughly the same mish-mash heritage that many of my peers do: a somewhat-Spanish
  grandparent here, an unnamed Chinese mestizo ancestor in the family tree up there.
  Through the randomness of genetics, however, I am too tall to fit comfortably in
  most jeepneys, the most common mode of public transport in the Philippines. Hunched
  over, I''d silently pass my handful of fare to the driver in front and dread the
  moment when I''d have to call out my stop and, like a many-eyed beast, the other
  passengers were bound to glance at me, drawn to the sound of my accent like sharks
  to a fish''s death throes.


  In most ways, the subway in New York is nothing like public transport at home. I
  sit upright on the train bench, even stretching my legs straight out in front of
  me if I like. I don''t need to speak up to pay for my ride or make sure I don''t
  miss my stop. A pity, actually; every American I''ve spoken to so far has believed
  I am one of them until I say otherwise, at which point I receive a glowing compliment
  on my English.


  The train reaches its next stop, Lexington Ave. & 63rd St. Several people rush out
  and a few shuffle in. I look around the car again. Still, no one looks like me.
  But now, I don''t mind, because no one quite looks like anyone else either. For
  the first time in my life, the weight of looking different has been lifted, simply
  because I am.'
