Title: Foreign Familiarity
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/foreign-familiarity
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Savannah Sutton
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'The sun was had just barely broken over the horizon when the plane pulled into
  the airport. Not my first time outside the country, but certainly the first time
  I required a plane to do so. I was so excited, unable to control the shaking in
  my body and the smile on my face. Germany! I was going to perform with the choir
  in Johann Sebastian Bach''s church. I was going to try authentic foods and stay
  with German families. I was going to see the German cathedrals, the Berlin Wall,
  the palaces and the castles. I was ready for it all. Within the hour, I was on a
  tour bus headed to my hotel, observing the sights around me as I rode along. In
  time, though, I realized something.


  Not that the landmarks and buildings I came to see weren''t memorable, it was the
  sights in between that I somehow remembered the most. In this day and age, we, as
  a society, are so keen are spotting the differences between one another, finding
  the flaws and faults in people or places unlike us. Little do we realize how similar
  we all are.


  The highways were under construction, the neighborhood homes were neatly packed
  together, the crosswalks had their jaywalkers, the roads had their speed limits,
  and the people had their pleasantries. Often I joked about whether or not I ever
  left Ohio when walking along the sidewalks of Cologne. I laughed when I saw the
  McDonalds and Pizza Huts in Bonn, the birthplace of Beethoven. As I stared at the
  remains of a cathedral from World War II, still covered in the ash of the bombs
  that struck it, I sat in the cafe of a Starbucks right next door.


  The meal portions were enormous, the drivers often crazy, and the farmland wide
  and expansive. For everything that screamed German culture, something else would
  whisper "home". Even the language barrier I feared so much disappeared when I learned
  that most citizens already knew English. It was a relief, but a wonder to watch
  them switch languages on a dime. For every moment I was exposed to something knew,
  there was a thin lining of familiarity. It was the one thing I never thought I would
  see in another country.


  The media says so much and yet so little. We see the conflicts, the struggles, the
  embarrassments, the tension, but we never see the normal. We never see the mundane,
  the common, the familiar ties that bring the world together. Going to Germany, I
  expected nothing but the unusual, the different, and the exotic. What I saw was
  my home on the other side of the planet, and I didn''t regret it for a single moment.
  The people, the food, the culture, and the atmosphere reminded me that maybe, just
  maybe, we''re not so different after all.'
