Title: Forgotten God
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/forgotten-god
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nedup Gyatso
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The story goes way back to the time when thousands and thousands of God''s
  were born from the womb of mother earth and the first born was named hastar who
  was very greedy for the wealth that mother earth possessed, seeing their elder sibling
  drowning in the depths of greed. The other God''s tried killing him but mother earth
  objected , so hastar was cursed to never be worshipped or be remembered.

  Hastar is a resemblance of Mammon and Cronos from the Bible and the Greek mythology
  respectively.


  In India many villages have some hastar worshippers who are caught in the cycle
  of greed and are cursed by other God''s.


  Once a boy named Burten was going all over India and experiencing the weather and
  the food , when he stumbled into a village, the village was silent, people didn''t
  go out much and the villagers were scared of something but they didn''t say about
  it. So Burten went and talked to the village chief and later found out that the
  man was well off, with all kinds jewels and rosary.

  Then Burten was asked to stay for the night, which he did. The next morning he felt
  strange and even the villagers started staring at him and talked behind his back
  uttering in their local dilect about some great ritual. Burten didn''t know at the
  time that he had been surrounded by Konkanastha Brahmins of the village all this
  time and now he was aware that he was dealing with something errie. So he followed
  the Konkanastha Brahmins to their alter. He was surprised to see all the blood on
  the floor which was due to sacrificing live stock in front for the diety hastar.
  Burten was scared and he hurried back to the village and took all his belongings
  and took the first bus from the village but Burten never reached home.

  Some people say he is still in the village of the hastar worshippers.'
