Title: Founding Religion in the Travelling
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/founding-religion-in-the-travelling
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Lilis Lismarina
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Not in the cold and if you enter or feel short of breath. That was the initial
  picture when a traveler stayed at the Thousand Legs house, Arfak Mountains, West
  Papua.


  detikTravel together with Mapala UI explores Pegaf in the context of the 2018 Paradise
  of Earth Expedition. We did not forget to stay in the original house of the Arfak
  Tribe.


  The Thousand Foot Houses that we live in are in Tuabyam Village, Anggi Gida, Pegaf.
  The village is still dark, because there is no electricity yet and there is no communication
  network there.

  Even if there are lights at night only from the battery lights. Some residents in
  Anggi Gida already have generators and some of them have solar panels as their electricity
  source.


  "We have yet to get an electricity channel to this day. There is also no cellphone
  signal here," said Mama Siyani (25), a resident of Tuabyam Village.

  Questioning the Thousand Feet house, is the main home for several families. If there
  are no migrants like us, all pets will be put into the stage house, such as dogs
  to pigs.


  This is due to cold temperatures outside the home. Original millipedes still use
  tree bark with wood tied using rattan.


  The night before, the houses of the Thousand Feet began to thrust out thick smoke
  between the roofs. People from the Arfak tribe burn wood in the house.

  That is what makes a comer like us feel a sense of breath. On the right and left
  side of the stage house is covered with soil so that it can be used as a place to
  cook or burn wood as a heater.


  The Thousand-foot House has only two rooms. The first room to sleep and cook then
  the second room to store cooking utensils or commonly called a warehouse.


  The Regent of Pegaf Yosias Saroy explained that the community was still not ready
  to receive guests. Therefore migrants must understand the situation.


  "Indeed, the Pegaf community system to adjust is still starting. Because we are
  just division. We need time for socialization for adaptation," Yosias said.


  "Characters, actions like that, the lives of native people like that. The words
  of action serving guests need special education. How do they know to receive guests
  well. Serve with soft hearts and so on," he closed.'
