Title: 'Found Love in Egypt. '
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/found-love-in-egypt
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Oreofeoluwa  Adeyonu
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: 'It was not in the hands of one Mashallah brother.


  Nor was it in the mouth of one woman.


  It was held in the bosoms of so many people.


  A mismatched collection of personalities and nationalities.


  It was within the walls of that apartment on the fifth floor that housed 12 girls.


  It was in the way NARDI woke up every morning with the words "what are we having
  for breakfast?" at the tip of her tongue.


  It was in the way GHOFRANE silently waltzed around the house as she sets on to achieve
  the mission of straightening her hair.


  It was in the way SYRINE would go from room to room asking if anybody wanted a cup
  of Turkish coffee.


  It was in REDI''s bright smile as she quietly did the dishes after breakfast has
  been polished off.


  It was in the amusement on KALL''s face whenever I attempted the tongue click in
  her name.


  It was in RUTH''s blushing face as I gushed about her romance.


  It was hidden in the way Fatima would say "wallah" whenever she was making a point
  you didn''t seem to agree with and in the way she called you "baby" as though it
  was your birth name.


  I found love in Egypt, on long bus journeys, endless highways and notorious mountains.


  Love was found in the way MIDOU successfully restored faith in humanity by handing
  out wipes when needed.


  It was in the way AMMAR was always willing to dance.


  Love was found in the feather like feeling of AMEER''s hair and his willingness
  to let people shove their hands in it.


  If you looked closely enough you could have seen love in its essence whenever OMAR
  had to check out another bruise or cut.


  I found love in the way WALID, although soft spoken always made his presence known.


  It was in the was HUMZA never got tired of capturing the beauty we were always surrounded
  by.


  It was in the way MSIKIR was always making someone laugh as a result of one of his
  antics.


  Love was found in the way NATTY always had a hold on the one he loved the most.


  It was in the way ZAINEB would say "damn girl" when she saw something she approved
  of.


  And when you looked at the smile on IDRISS'' face whenever he told "their" story,
  the love was present.


  It was in the way DAHBIA would always ask if you were okay and the bright smile
  on her face when she confirmed that you were.


  Love wasn''t found in one place or one person,


  It was found in between the long bus rides and the snappy conversations, it was
  found in the middle of dancing sessions and climbing mountains.


  Love was found in the middle of shared bottles of water and packets of crisps.


  Love was found whilst camping under the stars in the dessert and snorkeling in the
  bluest of waters.


  It was in whispered conversations and belly laughs.


  It was found in the way TOLU was always ready to strike a pose and in TEMI''s voice
  when she demanded for food whenever she was hungry.


  It was found in the way JORDAN never tired of being called "omo Ghana".


  It was in the way UMMI shrieked when she got into the pool in Siwa and in LEAH''s
  expression as she complained about why it was too hot for a wig.


  It was in the way LOLADE found it necessary to fold her already little limbs in
  a way that would perfectly fit in the bus chairs so she could sleep comfortably
  and in the way BLESSING offered her laptop as a power source for us to charge our
  phones on long journeys.


  This love started out with simple introductions and basic conversations, with sharing
  music and then food and it ended with creating a lifetime of memories and lifelong
  friendships.


  A longing of when next we shall meet and be reunited.


  Started in highways and in taxis, in foreign hotel rooms and sandy beaches and it
  ended in our hearts.'
