Title: Friendship, returning home with unforgettable moments
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/friendship-returning-home-with-unforgettable-moments
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Briana Rosa Dias
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I met Alex on the train from Stuttgart to Paris, a young woman from Munich
  at the age of 16. At the end of the journey of approximately 4 hours we were singing
  "stolen dance" from Milky Chance and scheduling our next meeting in Paris. It was
  my first time in the city and I had found the perfect guide to my free hours, she
  was clearly in love with the light city as well as assiduous visitor.

  I, a 28-year-old Brazilian woman, was in the middle of my solo travel in search
  of reorganizing myself into my recent cancer survivor status.


  We met the next day the arrival and as if it were already a tradition, the meeting
  ended in music!

  After a brief walk to observe the Gothic art of the Cathedral of Notre Dame, Alex
  took me to a place that was not in my script. A few steps away, she took me to the
  fascinating Shakespeare & Company bookstore, where time stopped running for us to
  savor her charming artistic and creative atmosphere. On the second floor of the
  shop is an old piano that Alex made a point of playing, there was already Laurent,
  a young Parisian who was alone singing and playing his guitar in one of the rooms.
  And after a few minutes there we were, once again singing, this time they were classics
  of international music.


  As in every good cosmopolitan city, that place became magical when two young women,
  strangers to each other, joined the three of us in a delightful conversation that
  lasted for a couple of hours. We were five, one Brazilian, one German, one French,
  one Nordic and one Asian, it was the intimate encounter between 5 countries.


  And without my noticing that day, at Shakespeare & Company, me, Alex and Laurent
  was the newest trio of buskers who would be performing at one of the corners of
  Montmartre a few days later.

  Allowing myself to be a street music artist for a day and be part of the picture
  that enchants the looks of those who visit one of the most artistic and fascinating
  neighborhoods of the city made Paris enter to the list of cities to return. Enjoy
  Paris, enjoy friendship!'
