Title: From Turkey to Argentina
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/from-turkey-to-argentina
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Fatih YILDIZ
AuthorCountry: Turkey
Text: 3 years ago I went to Argentina to study a Master's Degree. I would go abroad
  for the first time in my life. I was excited like a little boy. I thought it would
  be more fun to go to Argentina through Brazil than going directly to Argentina.
  Tropical vibes were calling me. I flew to Rio, then I went to Curitiba and finally
  I was in Porto Alegre. I fell in love with the architecture and people of the city
  of Porto Alegre. I told myself that I would visit there once again before I die.
  On the road to Argentina, I passed through Uruguay as well. An old soccer coach
  that I met at the bus terminal in Porto Alegre not only had accompanied me during
  the bus trip to Montevideo but also had saved me because I needed to go to another
  city called Colonia del Sacramento to take a ferry to Buenos Aires but I had a problem...
  When we arrived in Montevideo, I was worried because I didn't have time to change
  my money. The old soccer coach saw me worried and offered to pay for my ticket,
  I didn't want to accept the offer but I had to. It was the first time I felt so
  emotional in Latin America. He didn't even know me but he helped me. I hugged him
  teary. I arrived in Buenos Aires, but I needed to go to a city called La Plata,
  where my university is located. Before the trip, I hadn't planned anything. Didn't
  even know how I would get to La Plata. A Paraguayan I met on the street had helped
  me get on the underground and an Argentine helped me find a hotel for me to spend
  that night. I woke up, wouldn't afford staying in a hotel for such a long time.
  It was unclear where I'd stay. I met a student on the street. He opened up his house
  to me and later found a student lodging for me. One day a Chilean friend from the
  lodging took me to the bakery. He was working there. I met the owner and her family.
  They treated me as if I was a family member. I started working there. It was an
  unbelievable experience. I miss all these people. They taught me so many things.
  If I didn't travel, I would not be able to learn these things and meet these incredible
  people. Before I finish... Last year I decided to go to Bahia, a state in Northeast
  Brazil to visit a friend. I kept my word and travelled to Porto Alegre. Found my
  love there. She will visit me here in Turkey in 2 weeks. Travelling is so good,
  makes you love other people, makes you understand other cultures and makes you awesome.
