Title: From Cuzco to Machu Pichu - An Adventure in the Andes
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/from-cuzco-to-machu-pichu-an-adventure-in-the-andes
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Paulo Roberto Biafora
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'The travel reports are always filled with emotions, because they mix places,
  flavors, aromas, cultural aspects and people we know. The following adventure happened
  during a trek between Cuzco and Machu Picchu in Peru, a few years ago.

  After a group adventure through South Africa and Mozambique I decided it was time
  for a lonely, "me-self" trip! I did some research on the internet and decided on
  the trail of Salkantay, famous for crossing the Andes mountain range watching the
  mountain of sacrifices of the Inca people, and ending at the iconic Machu Picchu.
  I had no doubts: this would be my next destination.

  I joined the group on the eve of New Year, after an anticipation of the exit due
  to the heavy rains that threatened to cancel the trekking.

  The group was formed by an American couple with great experience in climbing, two
  Peruvians, one of them the guide and I, the only Brazilian. All very young except
  this adventurer, already in his forties. It made me try harder to keep up with them,
  but it also created a sense of unity around me. Moreover, I was responsible for
  translating from Spanish into English and vice versa, which required more attention
  in walking, thinking and speaking, all at the same time.

  We left Cuzco on a sunny day, with a not too long walk for acclimatization to the
  thin air of the Andes. This first night we slept in a valley at the foot of several
  mountains, and there I had my first surprise with the most beautiful and starry
  sky I have ever seen, and toast the reflection of the full moon on the peaks with
  eternal snows.

  On the second day we headed towards the highest mountain and next to Salkantay,
  climbing in a single day from 2,700 meters to 3,200 meters of altitude. Something
  that caused each step to be loaded with a lot of effort, since the thin air made
  the climb so huge. As if that were not enough, we face rain and snow. On this day
  we walked for almost 12 hours, but the group remained united and it was spectacular
  to enter the Amazon jungle in a certain part of the trail, like a magical portal.

  The third day, January 1, was announced as more tranquil because it would be descent
  with few stretches of slope. What our guide did not tell us is that due to the torrential
  rains the bridges disappeared, carried by the water, and the whole way would be
  done crossing frozen streams or jumping over cliffs in free fall. Right from the
  first moment I thought about negotiating a quit, which Juan, the guide, has already
  warned would not be possible anymore. The only way was ahead, all together. During
  the next few hours I saw myself jumping over cliffs and being embraced by my group
  with a ''good job, Paulo !!'' animator, crowning my success. The more you walked,
  the worse the conditions on the tracks with more rain and mud. That night, wet,
  dirty and very tired we slept in a village in a lost corner of the forest, with
  its simple houses, improvised bathroom, but in the best company we could wish for.
  A sense of happiness united us all, something I will never forget.

  On the fourth day we walked through sections of Inca ruins along the railroad, around
  the peak where we saw Machu Pichu. A feeling of joy and sadness descended on the
  group, since the next day all the suffering would have ended, we would enter the
  sacred Machu Pichu, object of everyone''s desire, but it would also be the end of
  our group that we knew each one would follow its path .

  Until today I correspond with the friends of this trip and we remember our entrance
  in Machu Pichu, the tight embrace and the photo record of this one that without
  doubt is an adventure that marked to all forever.'
