Title: From Patagonia to Europe
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/from-patagonia-to-europe
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Bianca  Caris
AuthorCountry: Chile
Text: 'My name is Bianca and I come from Chile. I live in small city called Punta
  Arenas, where people are nice and there are beautiful places and landscape to see,
  however, I needed something more. I needed to know from other cultures by being
  immersed in them rather than only receiving visitors in my hometown. I like that,
  of course, but now it is my turn to be the visitor and to experience what being
  a traveller means.

  After one day of being on different airplanes, I finally arrived in Italy. Milano
  was my first city and I could see people from all ober the world as well as to admire
  the magnificence of its structures. I met some nice people too, and I got lost many
  times. Oh, it is so difficult when you come from a really small city where you can
  reach all places only by walking. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it. Getting lost in an
  unkown city without a specific destination signifies an adventure and you never
  know what you can find.

  After a few days, I went to Firenze. I arrived at night so I could not see much.
  The next day I fell in love deeply. It was February, 14th and I could not ask for
  a better Valentine''s, but I did not fell in love with any person if that  is what
  you are thinking of. I fell in love with the city and its majestic streets and views,
  the sunny days that accompanied me in my journey, even the roofs were attractive
  to me. Yes, I think it is love. I promised to myself and to Michelangelo''s David
  to go back someday.

  My last destination so far has been Rome. I felt totally lost at the beginning,
  actually, I still feel that way since it is extremely different to Punta Arenas.
  There are people everywhere, literally. I need to have my maps at hand, otherwise,
  I would walk in circles for hours without finding those important places but, as
  I said, it is an adventure. I tossed the coin at Fontana di Trevi so I will come
  back, or at least that is what they say.

  My next destination is Napoli and I am excited for what I will see, or eat, there.
  Let''s see how it goes. Then I will continue with my trip, adventure, mission, or
  whatsoever you want to call it towards... I do not really know, I am still thinking
  about it. The only thing I am certain of is that I must come back.'
