Title: From the city to the zinni
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/from-the-city-to-the-zinni
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Milagros Piston
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'I lived my entire life surrounded by large buildings, people running from one
  place to another with hurry and tight schedules. The sound of the horns was a constant
  background in my daily life so when one afternoon in 2009 I came to this town called
  Carlos Spegazzini, with a huge suitcase full of necessary things, the same ones
  that lost meaning with the passing of days, world made a click that ended up shaking
  my being from within. A neighbor came smiling with a mate in hand, offered to be
  our guide for the small, big city, and we found that the most modern was a water
  pump that was a few streets from my accommodation. It was amazing to see so much
  serenity in one place, where a vehicle rarely passed by the newly built avenue,
  but whenever it did the place became an incessant echo. Many times a day carts passed
  by selling freshly milked milk or fried cake.


  The people there were cordial from the beginning and they did not hesitate to invite
  us some mates with homemade sweet, we ended up talking about urban legends from
  there, there was always something new to say, for example they told us that the
  neighbor Carlitos was about to retire and that his wife some years ago it had died,
  that the boy Perez needed his shoes to play football and they together were going
  to collaborate. Everyone there looked like a big family, and for the first time
  the noise of the car that passed became strange. Where had I been all my life?


  Finally when the night came, the blue sky turned black with luminous points in the
  form of stars, the small houses were turned off achieving total darkness, announcing
  that bedtime had already arrived. I was sure that tomorrow would be another great
  day.'
