Title: From cooking to clucking chickens
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/from-cooking-to-clucking-chickens
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Michael Baxter
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'One by one the three of us gets out of the minivan. My friends and I are standing
  outside a convenience store, off the beaten track in the outskirts of Ubud waiting
  to meet our local guide for a traditional cooking class. There is nothing around
  us that resembles a cooking school. Are we in the right place? Then out of nowhere,
  I am confronted by a woman dressed in rags, dirty face and looking tired. I locked
  eyes with her, oh no she is heading my way. I desperately try to look away and ignore
  her, but she comes closer and closer with her hands cupped begging for money. I
  flick her a few coins, and she continues to beg and hang around wanting more.


  Saved by the tour guide. A short man arrives wearing traditional Indonesian clothes,
  no shoes and announces his name is ''Wayan'' and he''ll be our guide. We are then
  joined by two more foreigners from Singapore and Wayan asks if we''re ready? We
  cross the road and enter the local market. My first impression is that it''s dark,
  smells of rotting food and most of the stalls are closed. It does provide some temporary
  relief from the hot sun and humidity outside.


  After a quick lesson on all the ingredients we will be cooking with, we are handed
  some ''snake fruit'' to try. A peach sized fruit with a rough exterior that resembles
  the pattern of a snakeskin. When peeled it had a bitter and unpleasant taste. We
  continued with the tour and stopped at another stall. A delicious looking stall
  this time, it was filled with Indonesian sweet treats. It was obvious that time
  and the heat had wilted the freshly made treats, so I opted for something in a plastic
  package. YUM, a thin buttery pastry base with almost a baked custard filling that
  reminded me of Portuguese tarts. What a bargain, 10 for $100 IDR ($1 AUD). Finally
  making our way to the exit of the market, my eyes refocused to the outside bright
  light upon exiting the darkened market place.


  Wayan asked if anyway wanted to see the rice terraces? We had all seen them and
  taken a million photos so opted to start cooking. The 5 of us scuttled into the
  small minivan and headed back to Wayan''s home. He explained that only villagers
  were allowed in the back streets, and hence the convenience store meeting point.


  At this point, I was so hungry, and all I remember hearing Wayan repeating "lemongrass,
  ginger, lemongrass, ginger". We all stood behind our benches and chopped and sliced,
  then pounded everything with a mortar and pestle to make the base paste for all
  the dishes. Tempe Manis, Pepes Ayam, Ayam Bumbu Bali and 6 other dishes it all looked
  mouth watering. After 2 hours of cooking, I was starving and couldn''t wait to get
  stuck into it. Ahhhh my mouth is on fire! I had just swallowed a chunk of chilli.
  Wiping the sweat off my forehead, I wasn''t sure if it was the humidity or the chilli
  that was making me sweat. Wow, there was so much food and still so much left over.
  All I wanted to do now was get in the minivan, undo my short''s top button and not
  move like on Christmas day.


  We packed up a doggie bag of food for our driver, thanked Wayan and his family for
  their hospitality and were taken to our meeting point. Exhausted, tired, full of
  food and dripping in sweat, the three of us climbed into the minibus and agreed
  it was home time. Our driver appreciated the food and said his wife would be appreciative
  also. Not long into the drive, I heard a noise coming from behind me. A chicken?
  Our driver told us he had purchased x2 coq''s in Ubud as he can raise them, and
  sell them for more money in his village. Just when I thought the day couldn''t get
  any better we were all in hysterics laughing. I didn''t expect to find a cooking
  class in Bali that would be filled with so many memories.'
