Title: From TV to Reality
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/from-tv-to-reality
SetInCountry: Vietnam
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Virra Krisnafitriana
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'I wasn''t a fan of any Korean entertainment before, not for the drama, music,
  or its variety shows. But, this one got me into a few months after I watched the
  show. The show called New Journey To The West and it was its fourth season. They
  went to Vietnam and I never expected that I would see the rooftop of Indochina would
  be so mesmerizing. I, myself, am a big fan of high places with a view. So when I
  saw Fansipan for very first time on TV, i immediately said that I must go there.

  Fansipan really caught my attention for months. I started to find any blogs related
  to Fansipan, how to get there, budget spent, the security for woman traveller, and
  any other great spots and things to do in surrounding. I also looked for a friend
  to accompany me. Though I went to Cambodia as a solo traveller, but I think it''s
  still better to get a accompany to go there. I asked my friend and he said yes.
  I was beyond happy.

  The night before my departure, I was so excited that I couldn''t get some sleep.
  At all. Long story short, I finnaly arrived at Noi Bai Airport, Hanoi. From Hanoi
  I took sleeper bus to get to Sa Pa (the city where Fansipan located). I was on the
  road for 6 hours and at 4am, I finally arrived in Sa Pa. Since I never experienced
  travelling to a place with low temperature, it was quite a problem for me at first.
  And also, I never thought that my way to a capsule hostel would be so slope upward.
  I couldn''t feel my tigh since my day 1 in Sa Pa.

  Fansipan was my last destination for my last day before went back to Hanoi, because
  I saved the best for the last. I spent VND700,000 for the whole trip: cable car,
  sky train, entrance fee. My two favorite moments were the cable car and the top
  of Fansipan. The cable car trip was not like Langkawi cable car and that''s interesting.
  Took more than 30 minutes to get to the first stop and it was not even the top of
  Fansipan. So, I still need to take a sky train and stairs to get to the top.

  The top of Fansipan was my another favorite moment of my trip of course. I finally
  at the same place as the member of the variety show I watched. When I finally stepped
  my feet at the top, I kept saying ''wow'' and ''yeah!'' all over again. I just still
  could''t believe that I could make it to the top. I knew that it was not a real
  hiking but, flashback to the last 2 days when I barely walk, getting to the top
  still an achievement for me.'
