Title: 'From One State to Three '
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/from-one-state-to-three
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Katie  O' Connell
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: My friend and I started of planning a trip where we decided to visit New York
  what started of as a state and one week holiday quickly turned into three states
  two in America and one in Canada and turned out to be a three and a half week holiday
  in total. It was for sure unexpected and there was also a reconnecting that we made
  with my family members who lived in two of the states that we visited. We went in
  the height of summer and even mange to make a new friend and all that hung around
  with is in Toronto and that was something we didn't expect to find there when we
  first started on our travels that morning in Ireland and then onto London and then
  to Toronto. Over all it was one of the best holidays that I have been on and was
  totally different than what I thought it would be got to see so much and caught
  up while reminiscing with family members. I felt that it was so spontaneous the
  way it worked out we both wanted to go and visit the other two states while spending
  the most time in New York City which is in a league of its own with the flashing
  lights and people everyone and just the constant buzz and energy of it all. It was
  rather difficult not to get caught up with all of that and that meant really letting
  your self be in the moment and not anywhere else. Can't forget the helicopter ride
  that we took around the city and near to the liberty statue I absolutely loved that.
  The trip was a once in a lifetime trip that you can only dream of doing and I am
  so lucky that I got to do it. I took it all of my surroundings and the different
  cultures and the types of people and what was in and what was out. In Toronto we
  went to Nigeria falls which was amazing to be so close to it loved the little boat
  ride and the buffet the food was incredible and the view from the dining hall that
  you could see when you looked out was something else for sure.
