Title: Gaining Serenity In A Swim To The Gulf of Mexico
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/gaining-serenity-in-a-swim-to-the-gulf-of-mexico
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: CHRISTOPHER SMITH
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: There's moments where mishaps lead to marvelous moments. On my last trip to
  Cancun, Mexico with family I got the chance to experience that truism thanks to
  a bit of miscommunication. We were at an eco-resort about an hour south of Cancun
  that was affiliated with our hotel, spending a free day as an inducement to opt
  into a timeshare. We had a tour of the place, which included a chance to do some
  kayaking within their system of inlets and cenotes. I took the plunge and decided
  to go kayaking. The kayak turned out to be sort of a pontoon that you sat on rather
  than a traditional kayak. I sat on one with my older sister, and as she got on she
  tipped the whole thing over sending me sideways underneath the water. That ended
  the kayak tour. I was then offered the chance to snorkel with a group that would
  cover the whole cenote and the stream leading from it into the Gulf of Mexico. From
  the time I said "yes" to being tossed a life vest and mask to setting out under
  the midday haze, it had to have been 2 minutes. But as I set out, I immediately
  felt as if I melted into the warm water and became one with my surroundings. I swam
  along, peering through the clear water below me to see fish swimming underneath.
  No doubt they cast an eye upward, curious to my presence. The birds sang to each
  other about their day above me in the lush thicket of jungle on either side. I kept
  my mind quiet during the swim, content to take everything in - including a massive
  turtle that swam underneath me for a few feet. I didn't feel tired even though I
  had been swimming for about fifteen minutes. The sun hung high overhead to my right,
  watchful but not overbearing. I tilted my head up and saw the canopy opening as
  I swam closer, and heard the persistent rush of the ocean waves. I was coming close
  to the end, and my legs were beginning to feel like jelly. Finally, I found myself
  floating into a shallow stretch and saw the beach and the resort off to my right.
  I swam close to a mile, and was rewarded with the tranquil rush of the ocean in
  front of me. I slowly got out of the water and nodded thanks to one of the tour
  guides. Doing that cenote swim was something I didn't think I would ever do, but
  the absolute serenity I felt afterwards affirmed one thing for me - your vacation
  is when you're supposed to step outside of yourself and really live. That afternoon
  along the Yucatan coast, I did.
