Title: Gaming changed our lives
DateModified: '2019-02-02'
DatePublished: '2019-02-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/gaming-changed-our-lives
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: kevin yelton
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The year was 2003, I had recently graduated from a state university in Missouri.  I'd
  spent elementary through senior year at a conservative Christian school, and while
  I'd gone to a public university, I'd spent most of my college time working at an
  architecture firm doing IT work, so I never broke out of my Christian school shell.  At
  that time I'd come across an MMORPG called Maple Story.  This silly side scrolling
  game changed my life, I met hundreds of people who would become life long friends.  I've
  gotten the opportunity to travel the world and meet many of them, but the most important
  was the girl I call my God-Daughter, Magnolia Bonilla, who I call Ella.  When I
  first met her all I knew about her was her ability to play this game at the absolute
  top tier, which was very important since our guild was ranked number 2, with nearly
  7 million players in the game, anyone who could rise to our level was an extraordinary
  player.  Anyway, I got the opportunity to spend many hours talking to her on Skype,
  and learned a lot about her, having 5 college degrees, I helped her as much as I
  could as she progressed through college, last year as she became Dr. Magnolia Bonilla,
  I finally got to meet her in person, over Christmas I few to Helsinki, Finland,
  where we spent several weeks together traveling from Finland to Estonia, Latvia,
  and Lithuania, she was absolutely one of the best travel companion I've ever had.  At
  this point, neither of us are amateur travelers, I've been to 47 countries, and
  I think the's around 30, so when we travel we're looking for things we've never
  seen before, off the beaten path museums, hostels people wouldn't think about going
  to, hills people wouldn't normally hike, or restaurants that's aren't on the front
  page of Yelp.  We want to see what the locals see, things that make a 9 hour flight
  worth taking, spending time with people that change our lives for the better.  I
  don't know what I'll find in Portugal, but neither of us have been there and if
  anyone can find something interesting, it will be me and Ella.
