Title: Gathering experience without any planning
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/gathering-experience-without-any-planning-2
SetInCountry: Bangladesh
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Munira Haque
AuthorCountry: Bangladesh
Text: It was an amazing tour for me that I had travelled to a beach named Bashbaria
  beach on 3rd January. This place is not well recognized to people yet . Before going
  there I travelled to sea and hills many times with my family . I visited cox's bazar
  sea beach and saint martin also with group. But this time I was not in a group I
  just along with one of my friend started for visiting there very early in the morning.
  We reached there by bus, taxi for a bit of distance and then walked for the rest.
  Finally I was able to reach there by 10:00 am with the help of local people. It
  really made me happy that it was possible for me to reach there without any guidance
  from other. Reaching there I was mesmerized to see the picturesque scenery of the
  beach that I could not think of. The place was calm and quite.I was so much fond
  of rambling on the foamy ups and downs grassland of the beach. It would definitely
  caught one's sight along with mind. At around 12:00 PM the mile long bridge started
  to appear under the water as low tide started then. I rushed there in a hurry and
  got onto it within a twinkle but to my utter surprise it was not possible to move
  on so much due to the depth of the water level on it. Water level decreased gradually
  and I had to wait and control my feet. I walked the whole bridge submerging in water
  with full of enjoyment. One thing I noticed there is the presence of sea birds was
  very little. As it was in winter the whole surroundings was covered with mist and
  no presence of sun shining. I and my friend just giggled to each other with joy
  that we made it really happen neither any sort of planning nor anyone's help. We
  also had enjoyed a boat journey there. For a day trip it is really amazing and suggestable
  place to trip as is not so far from the center of Chittagong city. I would like
  to recommend to visit this place in winter season as the nature looks so pretty
  at that time.
