Title: Get Lost in Jakarta
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/get-lost-in-jakarta
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Annisaa Putri Desihana
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: I'm an Indonesian. First really travel is in Jakarta with my aunty. We travel
  from Bandung like an adventure. Firs, we used a train from Bandung station to Gambir
  station. I'm verry excited in the first step after have done from having sit 3 hours
  in the train. I really don't know if the 'Monas' is relly near from Gambir station.
  It's really like you go out from the train and you will see that view and we see
  in the background has a sunset because we arrived at 6.05pm. Than, we looking for
  exit door with following the many people. From That exit door, to the 'Go-Jek' station,
  we walk in 5 until 7 minutes because we really don't know where we have to go. So
  after arrived in the shelter, we order 'Go-ride' in 'Go-Jek' aplication by using
  our phone. My aunty order, and I'm order too so we have 2 drivers with their motorcycle.
  Because the sky will change to the dark, and Jakarta is so hot, with many of traffic
  jam, using 'Go-Ride' is the best way out so that we don't get too much traffic jam.
  From Gambir station to the hostel takes 15 to 20 minutes. After we arrived, we really
  hungry. Because tomorrow is the day for my aunty for getting interview, so, that
  night we don't go anywhere. Just order food with 'Go-Food' by using 'Go-Jek' aplication.
  After we have done with our food, I'm trying to looking for a place to spend my
  free time while waiting for my aunt to finish her interview. And she open the book
  briefly to remember some of the material being tested. That night, I'm sleep in
  10.45pm. In the morning, I will prepared a breakfast for my aunt with some cereal.
  She leave in 7.49am than I get to take a bath and clean up all of the room for cheking
  out at the latest in 12 o'clock. In 10.19 I went to Epiwalk. It's looks like a Mall.
  But it's very quiet. So, after moving around, I move to the next place. It's 'Plaza
  Festival'. I moving around for 3 to 4 hours for witing my aunt because it's really
  too long. I went to MR.DIY for bought some accesories. In 3.48pm, my aunty came
  and we have really really hungry. So we eat in KFC with sharing and talking about
  the interview. Because we have a late time for going back home with train again,
  so we went to Depok in my another aunty. its 5.11pm. From south Jakarta (Plaza Festival
  is in south Jakarta), we walk around in 8 minuts to the shelter of microlet. It's
  a public transportation. It's too mini and have more than 10 people inside so we
  sit tightly. And Jakarta is still verry hot in that time. And actually, traffic
  jam. In the microlet, we spend our time up to 10 minutes before we leave from the
  shelter. In a journey to the Tebet station, get 10 to 15 minutes. And we still walk
  around 10 minutes until we arrived at the station entrance and buying some tickets
  like card to be used when entering and exiting the station. The name of the train
  is Commuter or 'kereta commuter Indonesia'. Its really full of people. There are
  so many people who stand and jostle and there are those who do not hold hands because
  they are full and crowded by many people. Even my bag and my aunt's bag were pinched
  because we were on the edge of the door. And time to open and close the door is
  too fast. Maybe it's just 1 minutes. So we stand and cram for about 30 to 35 minutes.
  And we arrived at 6.31pm in Depok Baru station so we order 'Go-Ride' again and wait
  in the shelter of 'Go-Jek'. Like yesterday, we order 2 driver. And we go to the
  my another aunt around 14 minutes. In Depok have a traffic too. I and the driver
  were very busy for sharing and talking about many things and we had a wrong way.
  Like the house is over. So we have to turn back and go inside to the alley. We arrived.
  But we so confused about where the house is that. And we got lost and entered the
  gate of someone else's house. After my aunt get call, so they go out and finding
  us. Uhhhh it' s really a fun journey in Jakarta.
