Title: Get rid of the sameness and travel for you!!
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/get-rid-of-the-sameness-and-travel-for-you
SetInCountry: Jamaica
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Tomi-ane Hyatt
AuthorCountry: Japan
Text: 'Situated in the heart of the Caribbean sea this island is frequently known
  for its lush vegetation, sprint champions and picturesque beaches. Here you can
  watch the sunset while sipping coconut water and letting your doubts wash away with
  the waves. However, Jamaica is more than what is advertised in magazines and on
  the internet and it takes a local to describe you the beauty of the untouched. We
  drove for miles on roads covered by bamboos that kissed above them. We also constantly
  stopped capturing the raw and untouched beauty of the landscape on our journey.
  There was no driving path. We walked carefully in the bed of the river to get closer
  to the scene. When we did get there, however, it was beyond astonishing and as it
  snatched my breath away I stood and gazed at the striking view. Merely watching
  as the water gushed down from the falls that were at least 300 feet high seemed
  to cascade elegantly to strike the rocks that laid under it. On the banks of the
  falls, large black boxes which I later heard from a local was called ''sound boxes''
  were set up and energetic danceable tunes sang through them. This happened while
  the vibrant and passionate people who were nationals of this magnificent oasis gyrated
  in unison to the music spewing from the boxes. All around us a delightful blend
  of smells from the Jamaican cuisine being prepared drafted in the open air.

  We stayed there most of the day enjoying the concoction which was a rich cultural
  affair paired with the delicious local cuisine. I was breathless twice that day
  which left me surprised at the fact that I existed without being able to breathe.
  The second time was when the sunset right on top of the amazing waterfall. It seemed
  to sit at the exact peak which made for quite a majestic sight. Additionally, it
  was a tradition to turn off all the distractions like music and observe silently
  while being amazed by the awe-inspiring scene which I did without argument because
  even if I wanted to speak there was nothing I could say that would truly grasp all
  that I was beholding.

  Hence, if you should ever go to Jamaica be sure to explore off the well-trodden
  path and engage with the locals by asking questions about the less touristy spots.
  I definitely didn''t expect to discover the concealed treasure which was not only
  the amazing waterfall but the beauty of the countries people, traditions and the
  delectable cuisine. Many times we hasten to a country only to explore the aspect
  that is portrayed on social media and to take the same boring pictures in front
  of the same buildings just like everyone else. Subsequently, I am challenging you
  to step outside of the sameness and go explore the unexplored areas of a country.
  I can practically assure yu that you''ll find way more than you went searching for
  in the first place.'
