Title: Get lost in the foreign country
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/get-lost-in-the-foreign-country
SetInCountry: Singapore
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Yuniken Dewi Yanti
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'So here''s my story.

  May 26th 2017, that''s my first time going aboard, my first time traveling alone,
  and you know what that''s also my first experience flying, took a plane. I mean,
  hey I live in this world for 23 years and I never had a chance to take a plane.

  Well, That''s felt so amazing and unforgettable experience. I used to work in some
  insurance company at that time and I made enough money so I went to Singapore for
  vacation. Alone.

  I kind of introvert and not really like socializing so I choose to went alone. I''m
  Muslim and at that time it was the first day on Ramadan and I was fasting.

  So I went to Singapore without a plan, I just go without knowing anything about
  that country. In my first day, I went to mustofa in little India bought some chocolate
  and things and I Sahur (eat before fasting) Nasi Lemak was the first food I ate
  in Singapore, and that''s also my first time ate it. Then I went to my hostel (bunc
  hostel) in bugis area but unfortunately I made some mistake, I booked a room in
  that hostel for 2 night 28-29 while I should booked for 27-28. I really felt frustrated,
  I am a girl, in a foreign country at 4 am before subuh, I''m alone, and I don''t
  know anyone, and the worst was I don''t know what to do, where I can stay that night,
  but then the receptionist told me that there are some hostel near that hostel (footprint
  hostel) so I walked there and check-in in that hostel. When I open the door and
  entered that room, ''oh my to the god!'' that''s my first time ever going on some
  room full of strangers and mix room (female and male in one room). But still I slept
  really well that night. At 9 a check out and going to Bunc hostel again, and I asked
  to the receptionist if I can leave my stuff and luggage there before I check-in
  because the check-in time in that hostel was on 1 pm. So I leave my stuff there
  and going to explore Singapore. First I went to Chinatown, it was really hot back
  then and I was fasting and in Chinatown, Sentosa Island, Orchard, Bugis there was
  so many people who don''t fasting, so they eat drink and doing anything, I was really
  starving and exhausted but still I need to stay calm and patience wait for maghrib,
  and I did it.  I came back to the hostel at 4 pm then I went to my room, and once
  I opened that door I was really shocked and don''t really believe what I saw, there
  were a guy European guy and he were only wore a boxer. Reflect I close that door
  and wait outside, then the door open again and he smiled to me, oh my God he has
  a handsome face and deep dimple. I still can''t forget him.

  I cleaned my self, get some rest and then maghrib came I break my fasting in some
  Indian restaurant, I eat $6 SGD fried rice and $4 some baverage (I forgot the name
  but it''s weird, I don''t even like it). After that I went to Marina by the bay
  with some Chinese old man help, I don''t know how to get there and he show me the
  way to MRT station which gate and all so I can get there safely. Thanks to him.
  I walked alone in helix bridge get some relax time in the park and wandering if
  only I have enough money I only I was Richer I can relax and enjoy the moment like
  this Everytime I want it. I love traveling get sometime alone just me, panoramas
  and time. That''s it, that''s my story. Thank you'
