Title: 'Ghana: A'
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/ghana-a
SetInCountry: Ghana
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Autum Carter
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I have always wanted to visit the motherland. I am obsessed with Egyptian culture,
  and want to visit Egypt one day. I also have friends from Nigeria. Throughout my
  studies, I came to the conclusion, that Ghana, is one of the countries on the African
  continent, that I just had to visit. It was the motherland of all motherlands, many
  cultures and ethnicities can be directly traced back to Ghana. I just had to go.
  Well, I finally got the opportunity to go this past winter, in January of 2019.
  The school of management  at my university was running a study abroad trip to Ghana.
  I am not within the business school, but it was a social entrepreneurship and innovation
  trip where we would be exposed to businesses and their cultures but also be providing
  educational outreach and more. I didn't know what to expect upon arriving in Ghana.
  We see so much through various media outlets about Africa as a whole, and how poor
  it is, but we rarely see the beauty of it, unless its an advertisement for a resort.
  I embarked on this journey, for the first time, with a completely pen mind, having
  trained myself to erase any biases that I had previously had. My mind was a blank
  canvas and I wanted to natives to paint their picture of Ghana, the one that they
  so believed in, in my head. I must say, that I believe it was that action that allowed
  me to have one of the best experiences of my life. Ghana is one of the most beautiful
  places I have ever been, and I can't wait to go back. I was blessed to be able to
  teach girls around the age of puberty, about the women's reproductive system and
  their menstrual cycles, and a group we worked with provided sanitary products that
  were better for the environment for the girls to use. I was having so much fun!
  It wasn't until it was time to leave that three of the girls pulled me into a room,
  and just began to talk to me. They began asking me questions about the lesson, but
  it wasn't until a little later that I began to realize what they were asking me,
  had much deeper meaning. With that, I realize how these girls are just that, they
  are girls. I am growing into a woman, but I was once a girl, I was them.  I saw
  myself in them, and I wanted nothing more than for them to be happy. I wanted them
  to love themselves, just like I want to love myself. i believe the best part of
  traveling is the people that you meet. It is within their hearts that you can maybe
  remain, and it is in your heart, that you can remember them forever. My experience
  would not have been what it was without meeting those girls. It was in that moment
  that I knew that I will fight for girls and all they deserve for the rest of my
  life. I will fight for them, I will fight for me, I will fight for us.
