Title: Ghostly Encounters and Canine Companions
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/ghostly-encounters-and-canine-companions
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Cady Dixon
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'My journey into modern Mycenae was met with a chill that had nothing to do
  with the rain; I had just entered a ghost town. All of the hotels, restaurants and
  souvenir shops were dark and barren of their contents, even the apartments of the
  locals showed no signs of life, despite it being only 4 in the afternoon.

  I walked the entire length of the town, finding minimal signs of life in an old
  man sitting in a flickering light in an empty shop, and several roving packs of
  stray dogs.

  At the edge of town a sign informed me I still had a mile and a half to go.

  Halfway there; no turning back now.

  Eventually the rain stopped and I came around a bend to see a group of people getting
  into a parked car outside a gated ticket kiosk!

  Had I finally made it?

  I raced over to the kiosk to find that they were miraculously still open! However,
  this was not the main site, but rather the famed tomb of "Agamemnon", the actual
  site was still another half a mile up the road and they would be closing in 45 minutes.

  Challenge accepted.

  I got my ticket and raced in to see the tomb. As I bounded around the corner, I
  skidded to a halt. The long walled walkway leading to the gaping entrance seemed....unsettling.
  But I didn''t have time to contemplate the way the inky darkness was creeping out
  of its confines, so I quickly entered, only for my breath to catch, my heartbeat
  race and a preternatural chill to race up my spine.

  Hmmmm.

  With no one else there, the cavernous magnitude of the tomb turned my light footsteps
  into the echoing drums of a death procession, even as the shadows pressed in all
  around me, clinging to me like the spectral fingers of the deceased. A hole to the
  right drew my attention. The darkness here was even deeper; a void that even the
  powerful light on my phone could not penetrate. I had the sudden, and unnerving
  feeling that I was within reach of someone, or something that was watching me from
  the darkness.

  Huh.

  With the distinct feeling of being surrounded, I turned and left the tomb, the cloying
  heaviness evaporating the instant I was in the light.

  Creepy.

  My journey back down the road, however, would prove to be an entirely different
  experience.

  With Mycenae receding into the distance behind me, I hoped to make it back to the
  bus stop before darkness set in. My game plan was interrupted when three stray dogs
  came jumping excitedly from the bushes next to me. Not so much as surprised, I gave
  them each a few pats and continued onward, this time mildly surprised when the dogs
  followed me, despite having thoroughly investigated me for food. I didn''t mind;
  I still had over 2 miles to go and could use the company. With one dog on each side
  of me and one in front, we ambled down the road, until another roving pack of strays
  appeared. My furry entourage pressed in close to me, gently nudging me in the back
  of the legs with their bodies to keep me moving away from the snarling contenders,
  all while they continued to face down the other pack, growling and snapping in retaliation,
  until the other dogs had backed down and we were around the bend.

  I think I had just been accepted into a dog pack...

  Interesting.

  I left my new friends at the edge of town to catch my bus back to my hotel, trying
  my best to ignore the tug on my heartstrings at the betrayed and heartbroken looks
  on the three dogs'' faces.'
