Title: Girl Vs The World
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/girl-vs-the-world-2
SetInCountry: Ukraine
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nermeen  Mohamed Abdelhakam
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: 'One Day , All the people around me were saying : You Cannot achieve your dreams
  . You cannot travel . You cannot do anything You want . They didn''t trust me .
  I was crying day by day . And i was telling myself , one day you will win . Travelling
  is my all time favorite . It is my motivation to become a good person , to have
  new friends and to know all the cultures and to respect the different mindset .
  In Egypt , it is so hard to convince any one that any girl can travel and have her
  life . I was 18 years old and one day i decided to travel for my first time in my
  hole life , alone and 18 years old . Outside the middle east it is very easy in
  this age to travel but it was the biggest challenge i took in my life till this
  moment .I went to my Dad , and i told him i wanna travel and challenge the world
  and win over the people who were disappointing me ,please let me achieve the dream
  that i wanted to achieve from along time. Finally after suffering with my family
  . 6 July 2018 , i took a plane for the first time and alone . I was afraid but i
  did not appear that feeling in front of my family . I arrived Ukraine . I was shocked  because
  it is my first time. Everything around me is unknown but i was connecting with my
  leader in my project . It was an education project .I lived in Ukraine 1 month and
  half. I had a culture shock as any one traveled for the first time and alone. but
  i had to adapt and learn how to make things easier for me . i was doing everything
  by myself . Ukraine is a very open minded country . I am Muslim so i do not drink
  alcohol or eat pork  so it was very hard for me to adapt but i learned how to adapt
  and i was respecting every one and they were respecting me also . I became an open
  minded person and now i look to things from different perspective  . This Experience
  thought me how to become a responsible person , how to respect the differences among
  the people , how to learn them about my culture & their culture , how to have new
  friend and how to be sociable . I learned how to contact with people even they don
  not understand English and how to be helpful even you do not understand the person
  but at least you are trying to help him/her  . Now I am ready to challenge the world
  . Now i have a story to tell . Now i will not let anyone bother me again or convince
  me that i am loser or i can not do anything again. Travelling will make You a good
  person , a sociable person , a responsible person , person who have dreams and goals
  and  a positive person . Now it is time to come back to my country . OMG in that
  moment i was so happy that i did my biggest dream that i thought i will never make
  it . I told them how travelling makes You a good person and if you have problems
  how better you will be when you travel . Any one looked at me in a different look
  now . Everyone were telling me how proud they are from me . I was very confident
  and anyone was disappointed , i was telling him/ her to wake up and to achieve their
  dreams and stop looking to people what they are going to say and to be themselves
  and to be strong . Till now  this story is my power to continue and when i get disappointed
  , i just remember what i did . If You do not make it , some one else will ( remember
  that very well) . Now i want to search about opportunities to make more stories
  and to work with other people from different countries , from different mindset
  and from different cultures  because that what makes me happy. All what you have
  to do is finding the thing that makes you happy .   Do not give up it was a dream
  for me and i did it .  Dreams come true.'
