Title: Go Goa Gone!!
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/go-goa-gone
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Titas Chandra
AuthorCountry: India
Text: GOA!!! Yes 'Goa' !! Its a dream trip for everyone. I am working in Hyderabad
  and I badly needed a short trip for a relaxation to come out of workload, bad moods,
  monotonous life. And goa is the solution for all this. Last month (January 2019)
  we 4 friends planned for a 4 day trip to goa. Our first destination was from Vasco-da-gama
  airport to our homestay in Vagator. The view with roadside coconut trees is all
  I longed for.This is my first trip to goa and you won't believe I was feeling like
  I belong here. The first thing we did was to hire 2 scooties as we were 4, and the
  fun began. We and our scooty needed some petrol so we ran and had some good breakfast
  at Goan ark, a famous Italian stop by. So we needed some hard cash as in goa not
  everytime you can swipe your card. So we got that too. We could see people in vacay
  mode with the summer clothes are chilling around and believe me I was not being
  able to wait for going near the beach. Being a great fan of bollywood we came to
  chapora fort first. And who doesn't want to have her Dil chahta hai Moment get clicked.
  The view of palolem beach from the fort is breathtaking with a hat to save myself
  from scorching Sun and a piece of green mango in my hand. Yes I was enjoying and
  capturing all the moments in my cam. The jet lag was pulling us towards hotel. So
  we came back and had fresh-n-up and came to the pool in our homestay with drinks
  in our hand. The time,the place and the vibe was something that I wanted the time
  to freeze. We had no time to waste to explore this awsome place, so we got ready
  for "Bagha Beach"! Here is a small tip, dont be worried about the directions if
  your google map is ready with you and yeah petrols are available in almost every
  shop for your unending bike ride. The evening in Bagha was pretty mellowed out on
  one of those perfect beach nights, and we were watching the moon dance on the incoming
  surf. With music and multi coloured beach disco lights falling on the waves adding
  a fragrance to its beauty. We bought few flurosent bands sold by local people because
  its a trendy beach fun. I was dancing my heart out as the beats were going higher.
  Here you don't need a drink to be lost in the madness of beach party. We had a delicious
  dinner in one of the beach restaurants served by a bengali waiter as I am a hardcore
  Bengali, so it feels good when you meet your native people far in goa. We had to
  give a pause to our craziness so we returned around 2 am. And the next day started
  with complimentary breakfast at our homestay. We had to spend the whole day in beach
  so we left for anjuna beach. It seemed people are 24/7 in beach only. we spent a
  whole day bathing in sea, having sea food, drinking coconut water under big umbrellas,
  having fun with adventurous water sports, biking and hell lot of more fun activities.
  I tied my hair with thread as its a beach style among goan localites. We returned
  around 5 pm and had to take a shower to get rid of our clothes filled with sands.
  But who will stop us as we were in goa mood, we took our scooty to find goan fenny,
  a very famous local drink. The next was a travel to a secret beach for near about
  2 hours journey from vagator. We hired a Jeep which took us till near to it but
  after that we only had to walk for almost half an hour. Thanks to google map. The
  view of the beach was breathtaking. And mostly it's an empty beach.We clicked a
  good number of photos as I had upload them on instagram and much before the sunset
  we started our journey back.The final day we spent in a church in panjim. Goa I'll
  come back soon!
