Title: Going into the unknown people
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/going-into-the-unknown-people
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sulastri Pardani
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: My travel story is about a trip to America where I spent my fellowship there.
  I traveled to some nice places and got a chance to see big cities that I never imagined
  before. It was like snow on the Sahara. I was so thrilled to see how cities were
  built around the dessert and how the culture shape the character of the people.
  I have traveled to Los Angeles where I saw big streets and shopping center or I
  went to Hollywood hill to see Hollywood sign. I also traveled to Arizona where I
  saw a mass dessert but on the other side I saw snow on the mountain. I went to see
  the Grand Canyon and Colorado river. I was so excited to see such amazing place
  that I never found in my hometown. What is very unexpected is the culture that the
  people have. They were so different than mine. I felt like a stranger to meet people
  from another country with variety of culture. America is a melting pot. I was amazed
  of Colombian culture where my friend had different way of greeting people. They
  hug and kiss on the cheek where they meet with others to show love, while I felt
  it is so impolite to do that in my country. In other occasion, I was so amazed of
  American people where people tried to say hi to me even they do not know me. One
  occasion i met Native Indian people in a Museum called Heard museum where Indian
  show their dance and I got a chance to see a video of their life. The dance was
  so amazing with people dressing in Indian attire with Chicken's feather on their
  hair. It was like they had similarities with traditions of people in my country.
  They lived in a reservation without good facilities and I was shocked to hear their
  stories during living in the reservation.
