Title: Greek magic
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/greek-magic
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Lisa Riesner
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'We find ourselfs on the airport. My best Friend Claires and Me asking the woman
  on the desk for a cheap Flight to the sea side. Patras, greece she said. We looked
  at each other and as I saw the big smile in Claires face I knew we Would do it.
  We Went home, packed Our bags and faster then we could Think we were about to fly
  to greece. Our Plan was to do Island hopping, choosing the ships to get From one
  of the ionian Islands to the other. Our Biggest help to Make the adventure effort
  able Was my greek Friend thryphon who recommanded beautiful local stays for us As
  well As the hosts we found through the Internet Plattform for travelers.

  After staying the first night at panos place, panos a Long haired and 1.90. Tall
  guy that gives the Biggest Hugs in the world and Has the smallest room you can Think
  of

  . Haha.. We Made it Through the night sharing His small bed. Then off to paxos in
  the early morning. Amazed by the Islands Beauty we Followed the tip of my Friend
  Tryphon to antipaxos. As we arrived in this Stunning small piece of Island we were
  sourrounded by greek people. No one From any where Else then greece. Right away
  the Red haired and the blond Were an excitement for the inhabitants and tourists.
  We got free drinks, ha but this was mainly because we forgot Our money at nanas
  place and As we wanted to go and get it arriving at the house we were so drawn by
  Beauty of the Island and then the Comfortable bed we Just forgot it...

  To Find nanas place by the way Was Not easy. Okay. It was taff. It was tears and
  sweat. As we looked like tourists of Course they wanted to give us GERMAN tourists
  prices. But As we were two young students sharing a bed to save money we werent
  interested in Their offers. We were Not Sure how to convince the owners of the bed
  and breakfasts that we Need less. After a little Argument, claire can get Quite
  uncfomfortable when people want to Trick her, and 4hours of fourth and back we Made
  it to Nana. An old very nice woman that had a room with big Terrasse juhuuuu for
  us. As the second night arrived we dressed up and Went to eat the well known paxos
  fish dishes everybody here is in love with. Sitting in a Restaurant a man with a
  White Shirt, Sun kisses skin joined the neighbour Table, Their where laughing and
  hugging each other. He Looked at the people and As if it was a Code Word for something
  they started singing a greek traditional Song so Beatiful that we could Not do Anything
  Else then starting at them in love with what they Had. The Man with the guitare
  saw it and invited us to the Table. We found out that He was one the most famous
  singer in greece and His parents owned the Restaurant in antipaxos. As it turned
  late He offered is a ride home on His harley Davidson along the sea. As we came
  home Both of us where Not Sure if it was all a dream or really happend..'
