Title: Hakuna matata
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/hakuna-matata-2
SetInCountry: Congo Democratic Rep
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Tuhin Barui
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The first word that any foreigner learns in Congo is perhaps Bonjour, Good
  Morning (in French - the national language)! The airport officials, taxi drivers,
  traffic police, elevator man, household help... everybody and anybody you encounter
  greets you heartily, just as the eyes meet. Yes, people here are generally courteous,
  and their greeting doesn''t depend on familiarity. This leaves a very good impression
  on the newcomer, who feels being cared for and compelled to reciprocate. But be
  not surprised if the very next exchange is around asking for money - this too, anybody!


  Before you think I''m exaggerating, here are a few incidents to affirm. Once our
  house owner came on a routine monthly visit of the house, complimented on the apt
  maintenance, gave suggestions for change etc. and while leaving asked for some money
  for transport (conveyance)! Said, she''d left her wallet at home and hadn''t any
  money to go back. Similarly, traffic police may salute you, and ask you to slow
  your car just to ask for a few hundred Francs (Francs is the local currency here,
  50 Francs being the lowest); a passerby may compliment on your new pair of sunglasses
  and then return to ask for money, the shopping mall guard would help your child
  on the car and.... so on.


  Initially, such behavior enraged us, made us feel disgusted and all that... we''d
  condemn the whole idea of the initial greeting and amiable behavior. But with time
  we understood that it''s just the way of life - a practice. Those asking for money
  mean no harm but have got into the habit of doing so, as a convenience. We learned
  to forgive such behavior and concede, telling ourselves - Hakuna Matata... Don''t
  Worry Be Happy, and also to tactfully refuse when it were possible.'
