Title: Happiness within Poverty
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/happiness-within-poverty
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Meghan Quirke
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: I remember walking along Kolkata(formerly Calcutta's) poorly grounded terrain
  along with other student's on my way to a Kasba boy's home for orphaned children.
  My eyes were full of wonder as they glanced at all the colors of the rickshaws passing
  my way and the bombardment of young beggars approaching us for rupees which they
  needed more than any of us visiting these localities.  The aroma of local street
  food lingered across my nostrils and made my mouth water as my eyes also stung from
  the high level of humidity and street sewage that surfaced every few meters. This
  was natural due to the lack of public amenities and toilets for people to use, which
  gave them no other choice than to share their water which had been used previously
  to clean dirty clothing and supply a water source for cooking. Once we reached the
  boy's home I was greeted by ten young boys ranging from five to eleven, calling
  out 'Aunty, Aunty' and welcoming me to their shared room which was no bigger than
  a 8 feet by 9 feet bedroom. At first my heart broke in sadness that there was no
  space for these boys to play and have freedom, yet I was welcomed with such happiness
  and smiling faces , I couldn't help but question how to obtain that much happiness
  within my own comfortable home surroundings back in Ireland. Each student that traveled
  to Kolkata had the chance to bring writing supplies for the orphanages, as well
  as toys and clothing to those less privileged as we are. I chose to bring haribo
  jellies to the kasba boy's home as well as clothing, soon to my dismay I realized
  I had not brought enough packets for each boy. Instead of worrying about this situation
  I decided to give out a packet to the youngest boy named Iram, who was five years
  old. As soon as I had given Iram a packet, he opened it and shared it with the other
  boy's around him, making sure to save two at the end. One was for him , the other
  he had saved to give to me. I was beyond shocked at how caring and thoughtful such
  a young boy could be when there were nothing more than fabrics and chairs inside
  this room which was his home. Not only did this boy show a beautiful aspect of his
  personality, but he showed me just how much materialistic goods mean nothing compared
  to compassion. Iram displayed the most welcoming nature for someone who had nothing
  but the clothes on his back and a smile greater than anything I have ever seen in
  my life. We later visited a hospital which cared for those who were found by locals
  on the streets in dire conditions, one of which was a young girl who was battling
  Tuberculosis at the age of twelve. I asked her if she would like me to read her
  a story that I liked to read at her age, Goldie locks and the three bears, to which
  she replied that she would like that very much. After the story had finished I asked
  her where her family were, she told me that her mother and father passed away with
  an illness I later found out was also Tuberculosis. She was living alone at a local
  orphanage nearby. Words cannot describe my sadness for this girl, yet she had a
  passion of drawing and we focused on what she would like to draw , what makes her
  happy and hopeful. We have no idea what others have experienced, or are experiencing
  on a daily basis. From travelling to India when I was 16 I learned the sharp truth
  of happiness and well being.  It does not come from material objects, money or popularity.
  It comes from kindness, compassion and exploring our ambitions and passions with
  a sense of excitement and longing, like a child longs to be older so it can stay
  up later at night. We need to realize how lucky we are and practice gratitude in
  our living so that we may be able to take from those like Iram, who truly know happiness,
  kindness and compassion.
