Title: Happy Travelous
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/happy-travelous
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Megha Kumari
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The name ''India'' is derived from the River Indus, the valleys around which
  were the home of the early settlers. The Aryan worshippers referred to the river
  Indus as the Sindhu.

  India is the largest democracy in the world, the 7th largest Country in the world,
  and one of the most ancient civilizations.

  India was one of the richest countries till the time of British rule in the early
  17th Century. Christopher Columbus, attracted by India''s wealth, had come looking
  for a sea route to India when he discovered America by mistake.

  India exports software to 90 countries.

  The four religions born in India - Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, and Sikhism, are
  followed by 25% of the world''s population.

  India provides safety for more than 300,000 refugees originally from Sri Lanka,
  Tibet, Bhutan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh, who escaped to flee religious and political
  persecution.

  His Holiness, the Dalai Lama, the exiled spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhists,
  runs his government in exile from Dharmashala in northern India.

  Martial Arts were first created in India, and later spread to Asia by Buddhist missionaries.

  Yoga has its origins in India and has existed for over 5,000 years.

  India is one of the oldest civilizations in the world with a kaleidoscopic variety
  and rich cultural heritage. It has achieved all-round socio-economic progress since
  Independence. As the 7th largest country in the world, India stands apart from the
  rest of Asia, marked off as it is by mountains and the sea, which give the country
  a distinct geographical entity. Bounded by the Great Himalayas in the north, it
  stretches southwards and at the Tropic of Cancer, tapers off into the Indian Ocean
  between the Bay of Bengal on the east and the Arabian Sea on the west.'
