Title: Heartopen travels
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/heartopen-travels
SetInCountry: Cuba
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Martha Wirtenberger
AuthorCountry: Austria
Text: A lot of places I see in my dreams before I actually visit them in reality.
  One of the countries I see in front of me every time I want to connect with joy
  and spontanity is Cuba. I visited the Carribean Island for the first time in 2014
  but have been there in my dreams long before. Once I arrived at the airport in Havanna,
  saw the Oldtimers parked outside and breathed in the tropical air it felt once again
  like coming home. I have felt this before in Peru, Sri Lanka and Great Britain.
  Yet, Cuba really entered my heart space. The old cars, the cigars, the seemlingly
  endless time people have to talk, dance and sit together were my first impressions.
  When I stayed on the Island for more than two months in 2015, I captured the reality
  on the countryside. There are many problems people face on a daily basis and yet,
  they do not loose their humour and joy. Cuba is a place which opened my heart. I
  learned to stop planning, experiencing the Moment and be flexible. There is no other
  way to enjoy the Carribean Island since many things we got accustomed to in the
  Western world just do not work that fast or planned. It is inspiring to se the way
  People improvise with cars, Food, Jobs and daily life. I mostly enjoyed to spend
  time in the East of Cuba since Baracoa is a nature paradise. The sandy beach just
  next to the Alejandro Humboldt national park with cacao plants and Beautiful birds
  is a true paradise. Life goes slow as soon as you leave Havanna. Even for a capital,
  Havanna has a Flair to slow down and be present in the Moment. I learned in and
  with Cuba to walk slower and enjoy the unplanned moments as they come. Sometimes
  it means to wait for hours for a bus which is delayed or not being able to buy certain
  food for some days. It is an eye-opening experience for a European woman like me
  to be without Internet for over a week and almost no opportunities to buy clothes
  or shoes, especially after my suitcase got lost on the way. I enjoyed the beauty
  of the landscape. The more I learned from Cuba and its people the better I understood
  their wounds and pain underneath the laughing faces. It is an Island that has experienced
  a lot in the past and I recommend to dive into the soul and history of the country.
  Cuba is a popular Destination, filled with music, Dance and beautiful landscape.
  I highly recommend to do a Spanish class before travelling to the Carribean Island.
  It is one of the best parts to connect with the people and their life stories once  you
  are there. Cuba is a place which is easy to travel with children and families as
  well as alone. I want to recommend for Cuba to travel with an open heart and mind
  and leave planning and expectations behind. Then it will be the most amazing experience
  you can possibly have.
