Title: Heaven Walk
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/heaven-walk
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Krishna Kant
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Two years ago, I visited Kodaikanal, a beautiful hill station in India, with
  my family. When I started my journey, I have a picture in my mind about that place.
  I was very excited, as I never been to a hill station before. Our journey started
  with a bus from Tambaram to Madurai. After we reached there, we booked Ola cab for
  whole one day. It is almost 20 km from Madurai. On the way I got to see some beautiful
  views that I never seen before. There was a Dam, that had stored all the rain water
  that comes from the mountains. The road to main hill was amazing. Turning from time
  to time. The natural vibe was amazing. I was amazed by the fog and mist there. I
  saw a lot of Monkeys along the road, who were enjoying their time. When we reached
  Kodaikanal, the first place we visited was The Devil's Kitchen. It was a steep gorge
  and was very dangerous. But it was fenced. I haven't enjoyed much, as the fog covered
  the whole mountain. It was cold there. But we were already prepared for that. Along
  the way we bought some chocolates and then went to a place where we can see the
  roots of all the trees. It was amazing. I think it was happed due to soil erosion.
  After that we went to a museum which shows the history of that place. It also contains
  some dead bodies (preserved) of the creatures that are found on that place. I loved
  the collection of the insects, rocks, birds etc. After that we done lunch and went
  to a public park for doing some rest. After spending some quality time with nature
  and my family we decided to return home. Overall it was a worth visiting place with
  your family and friends. I suggest you to go there during summer season as fog and
  mist will destroy your trip in winter.
