Title: 'Heavenly Himachal '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/heavenly-himachal
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kritika Ranga
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Being an avid traveller, I have always loved to explore different places, people
  and culture. When I go to such places that I love, I make a connection there with
  people, their culture, their though processes, their food and most importantly the
  history of the place and its beauty.

  This time I decided to go to Manali, Himachal Pradesh.

  On my trip from Ambala to Manali by road, I have seen such beautiful sights, such
  vallies, river, sound of flowing water and the sunshine which was not equally disturbed
  in the road due to the shadow of mountains.

  Then I found at the rafting boats, at the side of the river. I could see people
  tying belts and life jacket. Oh, that was river rafting, I murmured to myself.

  After, going some kilometers ahead, I was finally in Manali.

  The weather was cold, it was June, I could remember all the couples celebrating
  their honeymoon happily enjoying the weather.

  Manali has a great market, where you can find out some unique stuff. And correspondence
  to that I found The Buddhist Monastery. Being a spiritual person, I was all get
  to go and explore the monstray.

  It was beautiful outside, the structure and inside as well, as it was having a 20
  feet tall idol of Lord Buddha.

  The monks in the monstray were reading holy scriptures.

  And the tiny little bells, made my heart and mind to relax and meditate.

  After that, I was ready to have some good food. In the search for good food, I have
  reached an old but clean and crowdy shop. He was making the pakodas and in such
  a lovely weather, who would not love them. That was pretty delicious. I said to
  myself. Then, I saw the menu again to find our something more interesting. I order
  Chole Bathure and Lassi. Well, that was the best. The owner of the shop were the
  same people who were cooking and guess what, they were locals.

  The locals their seems to live a life of simplicity. They were the most peaceful
  and simple people, one could ever met.

  So, I loved each bit of my journey. I wish to go there again.'
