Title: Helping Hand
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/helping-hand
SetInCountry: Tonga
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Parker Miller
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The world is full of opportunity to lead a hand to those in need and spread
  a little light in the world. In July of 2018, I took a trip to Tonga to spread the
  light and goodness to the Kingdom. I helped a family whose house was decimated by
  the hurricane that swept the land by building a house that could withstand a storm
  and flood.  Driving through the countryside, I could see poverty as no one had doors
  or sometimes the fourth wall was absent. As I see drive down dirt roads and pass
  rundown buildings and grocery stores I reach the family I am helping. Their house
  that was built after the hurricane barely housed the parents and eleven children
  in the family. The house could only hold a table for dinner and 7 beds. the doorway
  was covered by a sheet and the walls were made on fallen bark with a tin roof. Rats
  scurried the floor and yard. I was soon overcome with guilt, I lived a life that
  these people could not even begin to fathom. Little did I know the impact these
  generous people would have on me. The residents of Tonga have close to nothing in
  possessions and still give everything they possibly can, from coconuts and pineapple
  to necklaces and bracelets. As I begin to build the house, laying the foundation
  and base, families from all over begin to donate their time and effort into the
  project and soon invite me over at night for dinners and cultural experiences. One
  night consisted of storytelling and learning their family dance, eventually being
  officially accepted into the family through the ancestral dance. I was soon taken
  away by the culture of Tonga, they have learned to love everyone without conditions.
  I felt like a true Tongan after learning the dances and history of the nation. After
  taking two weeks to build the house, we finished it. Seeing the family have a nice
  home to live in brought tears to their eyes. As I watched the tears flow down the
  cheeks of the grandmother My heart swelled to huge proportions, feeling such joy
  in my heart that I made them a better home. The Dad spent four days traveling to
  an island to get a pig for me to feast on and came back to cook me a traditional
  Tongan feast, this included yams, lei, and watermelon. The feast went on for hours
  as we danced and laughed at the music. I still feel immense joy as I look back on
  this memory and urge people to help others when traveling to create a fuller, richer
  world.
