Title: Her eyes were green
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/her-eyes-were-green
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Adil Shah
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: It was a Tuesday evening when I had travelled for a zoological conference towards
  the capital city of Pakistan and the second most beautiful capital city of the world
  Islamabad, second to Washington DC, of USA. It was a two day conference about the
  notice and amateur researches done in the field of zoology. From the very early
  age of my life I was a zoophilic individual having passion for animals and was keen
  to do research on animals because in lower grades I had studied that animals are
  equally important to humans as plants, and to fulfill y dream I opted to go for
  the field of zoology in my beacholar of Science (16 years degree program). The capital
  city Islamabad is more than 150 km away from my city the swiss of Pakistan (swat),
  so I had travelled a long journey to reached there mid night and then visited the
  respective hotel where the accommodation were granted. The next morning I woke up
  early in the morning to feel the cool breeze which were blowing nicely and enjoyed
  the lush greenery of trees. Afterwards I paid visit to the conference destination
  by the way through a bus provided by the conference organizers. By the time I reached
  to the conference hall it was half filled with many more individuals to came. In
  that conference I met many researchers, scholars and experts in the field of zoology,
  but the one which never forgot the rest of my life were those green eyes. Green
  eyes have always been an interesting area for me because it is rare in humans as
  well as in animals. it at once gained my attention. The conference was then undergone
  with the presentations of the participants and luckily I was also provide with an
  opportunity to present my work and I felt very honored to be a part of such a great
  conference. In my opinion the feelings of an event which occurs for the first time
  in one's life could never be forgotten whether it his/her first convocation, first
  conference, first time marriage ( for those who are daring enough to enter into
  the lion's den after their first escape cannot be replicated in life). To the top
  that up, the organizers choreographed the conference in a tremendous manner, but
  it was the green eyes of her that were still knocking at the doors of my mind. I
  vividly remember our first encounter but it was during my lunch time when she entered
  the dinning hall. I could not afford to miss that glimpse of her eyes. For a while
  our eyes met, but suddenly she at once leave the dinning hall do not know why? walking
  into the lush green lawns to bask in the mid November sun, although the sun was
  flickering like a candle . I do not know exactly what I ate that day in my lunch.
  For the next few hours whenever I paid visit towards the dinning hall we would exchange
  gazes and moved towards our respective  places, but our meeting did not last for
  more than 20 seconds or so. the first day of the conference passed away in this
  hide and seek like manner between me and her. The next day of the conference was
  reserved for the awarding ceremony in which different scholars, authors of the books
  were presented with medals, shields, prizes etc. Finally the photo session came
  and the group was too big for the camera. So we had to posed in two groups and unfortunately,
  she was not in my group. Afterwards we tried to launch some sky lanterns into the
  air, while I was waiting for the hot air to fill the lantern I saw her speeding
  in my direction, I knew it was the moment finally. In the next few seconds I wove
  a web of million permutations, when I awoken from my reverie she had gone forever.
  Perhaps, I was too heartbroken at that time, because she was the first love of mine
  and she is "Felis cembus " the dinning hall cat.
