Title: Here and There
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/here-and-there
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Shaily Agarwal
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was about the time when I and my cousin sister travelled to Pune, Maharashtra,
  India. Our whole point of travel was to escape the time and do some adventure. Our
  trip started with a day in the food street where we had the local cuisine of Maharashtra.
  Later we had our stay in Lonavala. We travelled there through local transportation
  where enjoyed our trip with the locals of the city dancing, singing during travel.
  We reached out room ,which was 10km away from the town. Lonavala is famous for it's
  serenity and hard rock mountains. The town has many peanut candy stores which is
  mouth watering. Our first day during the stay we visited Mandala, which is a very
  famous place which has a beautiful sunset point with small yummy Maggie vendors
  and a breathtaking view of the mountains, waterfalls. We visited the Fort of Lonavala
  ,it was introduced to us by a local keeper of the fort who was the ex-armyman .
  He was very welcoming and guided us through the fort. Later then that day we enjoyed
  our way to caves of Buddhist Monks with their stupas installed. It was a wonderful
  experience to know about different culture evolving from places.We ended our day
  with eating best food around from a star restaurant and we headed back to our room.
  Our second day in Lonavala was full of adventure when we had a beautiful flight
  with a trainer from Nepal with whom we had our first experience of Paragliding above
  the beautiful city with windmills around. Later we had a soothing hot water bath
  as we were tried climbing mountains for the summit. Later then it was our last day
  in Pune where we saw the fort of Shanivaar wada ,our ancient history has lot to
  teach.The architecture is great and huge. We then did shopping from the local market
  in Pune and had the best chole bathura of the world. We headed back to the airport
  to catch the flight back to our city. Indeed it was the best trip to the ECHOES
  .
