Title: Hola To My New Home
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/hola-to-my-new-home
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Annabelle Whitcomb
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: I grew up in Ghana, West Africa. It never truly felt like my home because I
  could never quite fit in with the difference in skin and culture. Yet, when I moved
  back to the United States to complete my university education, I did not feel at
  home there. This time, I looked the part, but could not act like a true American.
  I felt suddenly how much more of a Ghanaian in culture I was than I had previously
  realized. I finished my education as quickly as possible so that I could find a
  new country to call home. Upon graduating, I picked a country and found a job there.
  Once I received my visa, I was flying out of America on my way to my new home. I
  was embracing an adventure. I was testing the waters of my limits to see how far
  I could leap. As my plane started its descent into the plains of Madrid, I eagerly
  looked out the window. What I saw was much like the landscape of Northern California.
  Rolling hills not lush with greenery, but vineyards. Yet, they were not vineyards.
  They were groves of trees planted like a vineyard. Some colleagues were waiting
  for me as I stepped into the arrivals area of the airport. I eagerly asked them
  to tell me what kind of trees were planted all over the country. They informed me
  that they were olive trees. On my first opportunity, I took the liberty of walking
  through an olive grove near my home. Having tasted Spanish olives by this time,
  and finding them some of the most delicious I had tasted, I plucked an olive off
  of a tree. I eagerly bit into it expecting it to be just as good as the ones I had
  bought from the store. Much to my dismay, the olive was bitter even though it was
  ripe. I quickly spit it out - disappointed. Later I was told that while the olives
  were ripe, they had to go through a refining process before they could be ready
  to eat. Leaping into an unknown can affect you in a variety of ways. The first outcome
  can be one of success. You can find that that leap has become one of the greatest
  decisions that you will ever make. You will be excited by the prospects before you
  and never look back. However, the second outcome of leaping is sometimes the more
  common.  There are hardships that come from leaping into a new way of life without
  planning. There are the hardships of missing home, family, and friends. Once the
  excitement has worn off, you can be left with a bitter taste in your mouth. At the
  end of an experiment, you can feel worn and tired and ready for the comfort of familiarity.
  There is still a third outcome to leaping. In my case, it was a combination of the
  first two. Leaping into the unknown I discovered new friends and places while the
  old still haunt me. There is a refining that happened to me much like an olive.
  At first I was washed new with the excitement of a new home. Then I was doused in
  the saltiness of my tears bringing forth a brining that was painful, but necessary.
  Here I sit, a new woman. Eager for the things to come, but with a sad longing to
  be home with loved ones. I leapt into the unknown and discovered new things not
  only about the country I moved to, but about myself. For that, I will always choose
  to leap despite the fear that I will fail.
