Title: Homes Within Me, Homes Without Me
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/homes-within-me-homes-without-me
SetInCountry: Lebanon
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Rosemary Taouk
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'Perched over 1,500m above the Mediterranean on the Mount Lebanon range parallel
  to the coastline, Bsharri is a hidden jewel that is home to the Cedars of God. Those
  very cedars were famous throughout antiquity; from rumours that Cleopatra''s elusive
  eyes were compared to their vibrant colour, to their mention dozens of times in
  the bible. Those majestic cedars and their sturdy wood made the Phoenicians masters
  of trade in the region, with the ancient people''s strategic position on the junction
  of the world''s three ancient continents, and their discovery of the Tyrian red
  dye inside the shells of murex sea snails. The richness of the colour made it a
  symbol of royalty during that era, as it draped the shoulders of the greatest monarchs
  of the time.


  Today, the Cedars of God are still the quintessential symbol of their homeland and
  are represented on the flag of Lebanon, a country that was once the Paris of the
  Middle East before being ravaged by bloodshed and war during the 70s and 80s. Its
  politics and economy are still overrun by corruption - police can be bought, money
  is king, and it is not uncommon to find refugee children selling roses during school
  time in the streets of a bustling Beirut, against the backdrop of wayward electrical
  cables and residual bullet holes in its buildings. Paradoxically, the city is routinely
  referred to as a party capital and has one of the highest rates of plastic surgeries
  per capita. As the car bounced up and down along the winding roads that go round
  and round the mountains, we made our way from the sweltering heat and hubbub of
  the Beirut summer to the serenity and clarity of mind that Bsharri always provides.


  Lebanon has more ex-pats outside of it than Lebanese in it, and I am one of those
  people who left home in search of greater things. There are some I found, and some
  I am still looking for, but I still carry the paradoxes of the region in my veins
  and feel them coursing through my blood. That blistering July in Lebanon, as we
  drove uphill for two hours to the mountain village of Bsharri, my hometown and where
  I summered as a child, I found my hair growing with the unruliness of its streets,
  my moods varying with the steepness of its valleys and climaxes of its summits,
  and my tenacity as intense its summer sun.


  Bsharri is also home to Khalil Gibran, world-renowned author of The Prophet and
  a man who lived his whole life in Boston where he found acclaim and success, but
  still asked to be buried in his native village. Bsharri is said to have inspired
  many of his works and now holds a museum dedicated to him. The Holy Valley of Qadisha,
  another historical landmark in Bsharri, is where my ancestors sought refuge from
  persecution. The formidable altitude of Bsharri, its harsh winters, and their own
  unyielding resolve made them untouchable by all who tried to harm them. The Holy
  Valley was known throughout history as a haven for those seeking solitude, and has
  housed countless seekers, mystics, and holy men since the Palaeolithic era.


  The moment we set foot into the wider Bsharri region, everyone knows our name, our
  history, and stories of my grandparents'' hospitality and generosity. The air holds
  their prayers and the gentle breeze their secrets and dreams for us. As we drove
  through the narrow street of our family home, familiar faces and voices greeted
  us with warmth and excitement, peering through the car window to plant kisses on
  my cheeks, now freckled and reddened by the Middle Eastern sun over the last two
  weeks. The emails, bills, and career aspirations I had accrued for myself oceans
  away felt infinitesimally small. I made my way breathlessly to the house downstairs,
  where Aunty Antoinette let out one of her loud welcoming greetings, with an influx
  of damp kisses and ''habibtis.'' I can smell the kebbe in the oven, hear the chickens
  causing ruckus amongst themselves near the house, and I taste a spoonful of the
  tabouli my aunty lovingly made with her small and relentless hands. It''s good to
  be home.'
