Title: Hostage Monkey Pants
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/hostage-monkey-pants
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Evan Cunningham
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: '"Can I have my pants back?" Is all I could muster to the incredibly aware monkey
  who neatly laid them out on top of a roof several meters above. He stared at me,
  waiting for my next move.


  "Sir, sir! You have to buy him juice!"

  I hold my smile and break gaze from the monkey to notice a young Indian boy running
  towards me to inform me I would have to buy juice for the monkey if I expected to
  get my pants back.


  You see, in Vrindavan, the monkey''s are believed to be the reincarnation of all
  the most mischievous beings on the planet. They are wise, cunning, incredibly agile,
  and they will take any loose item that is not connected to the victim and then hold
  the items hostage until a bargain is made. In this case, the bargain is juice. It
  is downright extortion.


  "Where do I buy the juice from?" Inquiring from the boy.

  "Right here in front of you, sir" He points directly at the small building the monkey
  was perched on.


  Immediately I realize I am being scammed. My smile widens more. My 2nd day in India
  and my 2nd scam encountered. Hilarious. Let''s proceed.


  I walk up to the small shack of a building tucked away from the main drag of street
  shops in an alley. The building, like all buildings in Vrindavan, was completely
  gated and fenced-in in order to keep the monkey''s out. I point at the juice.


  "20 rupee." Says the clerk.

  I quickly oblige and hand him the coins even though that''s twice the amount the
  juice would normally cost. Supply and demand, right? 20 rupee is the equivalent
  of $0.28, but when your traveling long term with no job, every rupee counts.


  The man extends the juice to me and the little Indian boy who was helping me snags
  the juice and goes around to the side of the building to fulfill the negotiation
  process with the juice bandit.


  The monkey, having been through this countless times, sees the boy with the juice
  and comes to the edge of the building as the boy climbs on a stack of pallets to
  toss the juice to the monkey. The monkey then grabs the pants and tosses them down
  to the boy with a hiss at the boy warning him he was getting too close. Immediately
  the savage peals his fangs back and chomps into the juice box and finishes it in
  an instance. Worth it.


  The little Indian boy, the savior of my 400 rupee pants, comes to me and hands me
  my pants. I was incredibly grateful. In the same moment I was feeling grateful,
  the little boy crushes my hopes with one aggressive demand, "Now give me 100 rupee!"


  I was taken aback. At this point, a small group of young men had gathered to witness
  the commotion and I was a reasonable distance from any help. Another extortion tactic
  was set under way. I had read about these scam tactics and I was now in the middle
  of one. This boy wanted to be paid for his hard work of retrieving my pants and
  the young men who had gathered were going to make sure that happened.


  "I don''t have 100 rupee." I told the boy. The thing was, I had just found an ATM
  before this and I had 10,000 rupee in a secret pocket that I could not access without
  exposing it to everyone around, but I had 50 rupee in a front pocket leftover from
  the juice deal.


  "No, 100 rupee!" The boy yelled.


  With everyone watching, I held out the 50 rupee with a strong poker face and said,
  "I was looking for an ATM, I have 50 rupee on me, you can take it or leave it."


  The boy looked skeptical, "Fine." He took the money.


  The next moment, my new Colombian friend from the Ashram and I walk out of the alley
  to discover a naked man walking down the main street with his arms spread wide and
  head to the sky, most likely praising Krishna.


  Welcome to India where there is never a dull moment.'
