Title: Hot, Salty Deliciousness in Downtown KL
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/hot-salty-deliciousness-in-downtown-kl
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: ELIZABETH THOMAS
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'Smoke was billowing through the air. It was hot and muggy. It was night, but
  the street was buzzing. A tall, beautiful woman walked past my left side, glowing
  with a giggly happy smile in the street lights. She seemed too happy, too expressive
  and open to be a woman. And yet she seemed so warm and nurturing. I did a double
  take; she was a beautiful lady boy.

  I was in downtown central Kuala Lumpur, about to eat street food with a group of
  friends. I dare anyone who walks on this street to not get swept up in the buzz
  of this city that never sleeps. Sky Trains rumble overhead in extra terrestrial-like
  futuristic pods, million-dollar jewels and soft leather Chanel handbags clash with
  the rats that run over your feet. Not the most alluring site to whet your appetite
  before a feast. I kept trudging through the hot night air, bombarded by the smell
  of rancid burnt pig ears to my right, juxtaposed by the sickly sweet wafting of
  the durian fruit of the next stallholder.

  I was at best apprehensive about eating at ''Ling Ling''s''.


  In amongst a terrace of makeshift food stalls I spotted my friends just arriving
  at this so-called restaurant, and sat down on a cheap plastic chair. Everybody ordered
  Asian beers from another lady boy who appeared out of nowhere in a Britney Spears''
  cheerleader-inspired green and yellow outfit. She kindly opened everybody''s bottle
  with a dazzling smile, and had more spunk and effervescence about her than a three-year-old
  high on Christmas chocolate. One of the guys ordered for us; there were no menus,
  just a fish tank filled with gigantic snails separating us from the so-called kitchen.


  I couldn''t hear what the guys were saying, but I was fully immersed in this street
  food experience, all the while nursing my beer hoping that it would kill any germs
  of anything I was about to put in my mouth.

  But my thoughts were stopped immediately in their tracks by Ling Ling, who came
  out holding a sizzling plate of spicy fish that immediately got the juices flowing.
  The fish had been cooked in a banana leaf on a smoking hot griddle plate. I had
  never smelt an Asian barbecue before, a brand-new flavour; that traditional barbecue
  Smokey flavour mixed with fresh lemongrass, lime and chilli bursting through the
  smoking-hot banana-leaf pouch.

  In seconds, Ling Ling was back with multiple hotplates of green Asian vegetables;
  the hilariously named morning glory, delicious dark green leaves wilting in salty
  garlic juices, bejewelled with flecks of ruby red chilli.

  There is nothing formal about a street food gathering. Zero manners. It''s all-in
  or nothing. Rolling with the eastern energy, surrendering to the flow, I picked
  up my plastic chopsticks, and jumped in. To my surprise, so did everyone else, all
  at once. The perfectly steamed fish flaked off in six directions, and I popped it
  into my mouth before it even hit the plate. It was divine. One mouthful after another,
  my tastebuds were exploding with fresh new sensations, total food heaven. Ling Ling
  came back out to make sure everyone was happy, and, giddy on food highs, we all
  nodded in childlike succession, attempting not to grin so that the juices would
  stay in. That may have been my cheapest meal during my entire stay in KL, but that
  home-cooked goodness, that total delicious food memory will stay with me indefinitely.


  If you are ever in a position to explore the juxtaposition of Malaysia, the tastes,
  the smells of Chinese allspice that hits your throat from the moment you wake up,
  the sounds of high-end bars filled with well-meaning well-educated Westerners and
  lady men just wanting some innocent fun, don''t hesitate. Just jump. It will be
  the most surprising delicious experience of your life!'
