Title: How I became a pilgrim for almost half year
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/how-i-became-a-pilgrim-for-almost-half-year
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Eva Magyar
AuthorCountry: Hungary
Text: 'A year before I moved to Amsterdam and as the weather was not getting better
  at the beginning of summer I decided to go to the Canary Islands. I got a job in
  the biggest Canarian island with the world third highest vulcanic mountain the Teide
  in Tenerife. I was a chef at a ship which was at the harbor waiting for the tourist
  to reserve for a fine-dining experiment. I arrived at the calm season to the south
  part of the island. As I am a very active girl I like doing sports and being in
  nature so besides I went running I was hiking a lot. I met with a local guy who
  remembered me for the Camino to Santiago. I was so glad because I have been planning
  for a long time ago. I walked a lot. Getting lost in the mountains for 4 days without
  any expectations and meeting people who hosted me so kindly. Before I bought a flight
  to Ibiza I had to give away a lot of my stuff like clothes as I would not need as
  much as I always packed when I went for a trip. I had to learn how to live with
  a small bag to take only the most important things which cannot be more than 10%
  of my weight. Fortunately, I have met some friends so it was an amazing feeling
  they liked them so much. After 10 days exploring around Ibiza I took a ferry to
  go back to Barcelona. I have already known I am walking the Portuguese way but as
  I have never been in the mainland of Spain I thought from there I will easy hitchhiking
  by the coast to reach my starting point to Faro. It was already at the end of September.
  First I wanted to start to walk already but as I have been noticing traveling alone
  does not always mean you can go on time how you scheduled. The universe is such
  amazing could connect with a really good friend of mine from the University as we
  accidentally meet in Barcelona after few years we did not speak. From that moment
  I forget to think about the time so I felt more freedom. From Barcelona, I was hitchhiking
  to Portugal more than thousands of kms. I did it before but not for a long way.
  It took me almost 3 weeks as all of the people who I met with seemed my camino was
  already started. I had only a hammock with me and I could sleep 2 nights outside
  and it was really chilly. I like to sleep under the stars but from October even
  in the south of Portugal better a tent. So I stayed in hostels. From the started
  to walk on barefoot from the Benagil beach as it was very hot and sandy. Then it
  was just bitumen and I keep continue without shoes. I walked 40 kms on my first
  day. The second day I walked 50kms until I reached the hostel near to Sagres. My
  feet was burning because it burnt and got a lot of huge blisters on it I have never
  had before. It was so painful I could not walk for 2 days only sit and waiting to
  get better from the blister plasters.

  My goal was to reach Santiago and then maybe go to Finisterra. Finally, after 28
  days of walking I did 1024 kms through Santiago to Finisterra. I was not prepared
  for the rain but I met with an Australian pilgrim who gave me an umbrella. I could
  buy something of course but I did not have so much space in my bag and luckily I
  had like 4 days of rainy days only. It was such an amazing experience. I did yoga
  every morning before I started and I mostly ate raw vegan. A goal without a plan
  is just a wish and after all of this I have a more plans to do, to explore, to enjoy,
  to connect with the mother Earth and to live in the moment.'
