Title: How Photography Changed My Life
DateModified: '2019-02-07'
DatePublished: '2019-02-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/how-photography-changed-my-life
SetInCountry: Cuba
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Andrew Bell
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'People often talk about having a "life changing experience" but often, it isn''t.
  It''s a briefly life altering experience which is quickly forgotten.

  I''ve had three or four, genuine life changing experiences in my *cough* years on
  this planet, but the one I want to talk about is photography...


  It started with buying a camera because I was going on holiday, something I hadn''t
  done for several years because I''d prioritised my career over taking time out for
  myself, which I can tell you is a huge mistake.

  The holiday was great. Ok, it was average at best, with several disappointments
  thrown in for good measure; but getting away and experiencing something different
  was incomparable.  Best of all, was coming home with rolls of film full of memories
  ready to be developed and relived.

  That was the trigger point which made me want to take better photographs, to travel
  and explore the world. The pictures I''d taken were, I''ll be honest, rubbish. Fortunately,
  to a limited extent I knew how much I didn''t know, so set off on a journey of self
  improvement. I started with some one day workshops and progressed to a week in the
  south of France and then Norway; where I realised that landscape photography wasn''t
  my strong suit.


  Next I wanted something different, so I headed to Cuba.  It was there that I met
  Andy Scaysbrook who asked me what my ambitions were and, when I replied "just to
  take better holiday photographs" he laughed and said we''d get way more than that.  I
  laughed too; I didn''t rate his chances.


  As the days progressed though, he took me farther from my comfort zone.  Initially
  the thought of approaching a stranger was terrifying, let alone asking to take their
  portrait. I didn''t believe I could shoot a picture that would be anything other
  than embarrassingly poor.  Andy didn''t judge though and slowly, discreetly and
  often without me noticing he guided me, until without realising it, I was comfortably
  engaging with strangers, who spoke a language I didn''t and taking their picture.


  How, you''re asking, is that life changing; it might not even seem like a big step,
  but I promise you it was:  Learning to be confident in my abilities, not just photographically
  but as a person; able to engage across a barriers; language, culture, background
  and then to create a portrait to be proud of was a huge change to me as a person.
  Knowing I now had the technical skills to deliver an image I could show and the
  interpersonal skills to get it was something I wouldn''t have believed possible,
  let alone achievable in just a few days.


  The last day I found myself in the Museum of the Revolution; an incredible building
  dedicated to the ongoing struggle of the Cuban people.

  Having walked around, learned a phenomenal amount of history (and tragedy), I found
  myself staring at a display case containing an old camera, beneath which was a typed
  slip reading "Russian Exacta Camera, as used by Che Guevara" next to a picture of
  the man himself, with said camera.


  In that moment, I realised how one powerful image can change the world; that one
  man can make a difference and that there are struggles going on everywhere, everyday
  that we can''t comprehend. Most of all I realised that change has to come from within,
  that you have to believe you can make a difference, stand up for what you believe
  in and take whatever risks are necessary to achieve it.


  More than that, I realised how wrong the direction of my life had been; my ambitions
  in the corporate world; that next pay-rise, promotion or more important sounding
  title; these things were irrelevant material desires benefiting no-one but myself.  It
  was there and then that I made the choice to stop.  Stop putting my own selfish
  wants ahead of other peoples needs.  Stop being stressed all day about things I
  can''t do, or can''t change.  Stop letting what I did as a job, define who I was
  as a person.


  Now that''s a life changing moment...  none of which would have happened, if I hadn''t
  picked up a camera.'
