Title: 'How travellers become your home '
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/how-travellers-become-your-home
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Marzena Podgorska
AuthorCountry: Poland
Text: I didn't expect to find a home in people. Very early in my life, I learned that
  'home' didn't refer to a building or a group of people living in it only because
  of blood relation. It took me years to unlearn what I'd been taught. According to
  some people, it takes bravery to leave your homeland, quit your job, cut off wrong
  people and just go to find yourself as a young woman in her early 20s. I didn't
  expect to find that a person from another country may be my home. I surely didn't
  expect that after 5 years of travelling I would have dozens of them. And I would
  feel safe. The chaos of travelling from one place to another gives me peace and
  the feeling of order in my life. At that moment I feel like everything is in the
  right place, at the right time, with the right people who were meant to meet me,
  who were meant to briefly be in my life, who were meant to teach me something about
  myself I would never think I'd need to know. I didn't expect to find the overwhelming
  amount of goodness in one person in Rome two years ago. When I had nothing to give
  I received everything I needed with no redemanding. The soul connection you create
  with a stranger makes you feel found at that very second. Once you engage in this
  kind of relationship you are endeavouring to find them more because you've never
  known any better and you haven't believed that people can actually love you for
  who you are, what you represent with your opinions and emotions. There are no labels.
  I didn't expect to find a non-judgemental community that stares at you as they could
  see through your core and acknowledge only the good in you, passion, empathy, sensitivity
  and kindness. The less you've seen the more uplifting support and encouragement
  you receive. I didn't expect to find out to be too strange in my hometown, to consider
  my old-days friends as outsiders only because they don't understand me and never
  will. They don't comprehend that their depressed and anxious high-school friend
  has found quietude through questioning everything along the way, staying open-minded
  and loving to others. They don't understand me not wanting to settle down even though
  I have no home to come back to. They call me courageous and wild. I call myself
  curious and free. I consider myself as a people-believer. But I didn't expect to
  find myself in a position where I'm not enough for any of the places I've been to
  so far. That's why I keep looking, I keep travelling and I'll never stop looking
  at people with my eyes closed and heart open because they're the greatest adventure
  of them all.
