Title: How the Love of Dogs led to 3 Months Free Stay in NYC
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/how-the-love-of-dogs-led-to-3-months-free-stay-in-nyc
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: CARLEY SMALE
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: Living in New York City was always a dream of mine. My everyday life was starting
  to feel stale and I was desperate to get inspired again. As a screenwriter, being
  inspired is important to the craft and living in New York seemed like the perfect
  way to get back on track. But how could I ever afford it? The average rent in Manhattan
  was $3000 a month! There was no way I could justify spending almost 10 grand just
  to have a place to sleep for three months. So I decided to get creative. There was
  always couch surfing, but as a single girl in my twenties, it didn't seem like the
  safest option. There was staying in hostels, but even that was over $100 a night.
  That's when I got an idea. DOGS! I have always loved animals and dogs have a very
  special place in my heart.  I could be a dog sitter! I would look after people's
  dogs for free while they were away for work or on vacation and in exchange I would
  stay in their home for free. It was a fair trade. I started to advertise myself
  on a few different sites online and ended up booking my first gig at a gorgeous
  brownstone townhouse in the gorgeous Park Slope neighbourhood of Brooklyn. It would
  be for one week upon my first day of arrival. I was beyond excited and booked my
  flight. It seems crazy in retrospect, considering I only had one week solidified
  out of a three month adventure, but I took the risk. And it was one of the best
  decisions I ever made. Over the course of the next 12 weeks, I was hired as a dog
  sitter by the most diverse and lovely dog owners I could have ever imagined. I stayed
  in gorgeous brownstone Brooklyn townhouses, Wall Street luxury apartments, an artsy
  Harlem residence beside Central Park, you name it. Through walking the dogs I was
  able to explore so many different New York neighbourhoods - from Greenwich Village
  to Soho, to Hells Kitchen, to the Bronx, to the financial district, to Times Square,
  to the upper East side, etc. Each new place had a different era of architectural
  genius and interior design, it was beyond inspiring. I took care of golden retrievers,
  miniature poodles, black labs, chocolate labs, chihuahuas, and even some cats. In
  this time, I was also paid to walk various dogs in the city and would sometimes
  have to be in three different areas of Manhattan within the same time frame. The
  subway became my greatest ally. The people I met along the way, the parks and trails
  I was able to explore and the companionship of so many loving dogs made this an
  adventure of a life time. In the city that never sleeps, I slept like a baby knowing
  each dog was by my side. I never once felt unsafe or paranoid. It was truly incredible.
  Everyday I would spend time at a new public library, cafe or park and wrote with
  a new energy I hadn't had in a long time. Thanks to the vibrant energy of one of
  the greatest cities on earth, I was able to complete a new screenplay that is currently
  being considered for development. On top of that, with the money I saved from living
  rent free and dog walking, I spoiled myself with broadway shows, concerts, jazz
  clubs, a Knicks game, yankees game, ballet shows, restaurants and even scored a
  ticket to Jimmy Fallon and somehow snuck my way into Studio 8H where Saturday Night
  Live is filmed. Although I would consider this trip to be the adventure of a lifetime,
  it would not be for the faint of heart. I had to pack my bags and move 23 times
  in my short stay. But in a city like New York, there is nothing more thrilling than
  swinging a backpack over your shoulder and preparing to explore and find the next
  hidden gem that will inspire the next great story.
