Title: HUAQIAO, The Dark Memories Behind The Hidden Beauty
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/huaqiao-the-dark-memories-behind-the-hidden-beauty
SetInCountry: China
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Asih Kemalasari
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'This year''s, Chinese New Year''s Eve was very impressd me. I sit with people
  who makes me feel the Indonesia atmosphere, although the land that I was stand on
  was China, 4th, February 2019, here, China''s new year''s eve party is very fascinate,
  it can''t be compared to a big city party, but it''s the warmest new year''s party
  that I''ve ever felt.


  Middle-aged uncle played guitar and singing old songs from Indonesia, "Gundul-Gundul
  Pacul", "Bengawan Solo", "Hitam Manis", They play the series of Indonesian popular
  songs in the 60''s enthusiastically, like that song just released last month. While
  music playing, some people are busy making large amounts of food in the field. "Dodol",
  "Lemper", "Dokok-dokok", "Kue Mangkok", "Kue Ku", "Apam", aroma of the Indonesian
  traditional cakes mixed together, but it still doesn''t lose their unique tempting
  aroma.


  "NongChang Village", that''s what I heard from villagers. A village on the edge
  of Liuzhou city, Guangxi province, China, very fertile plantation village, orange
  and tea trees were seen covering the village, looks like green blanket, with sugar
  cane as a decorative feature. Village with beautiful scenery, series of hills that
  seemed to march from distance, for a moment I felt was entering into the Dragonball
  manga that I''ve read in the 90''s.


  Behind the beauty of this emerald-like village, who would have thought, fifty years
  ago this place was very barren, they said this place became magnificent as the their
  tears and sweat flowing out.


  This village also has another name, "Huaqiao Village", taken from the Chinese language,
  means Chinese Overseas. Yes, This village was filled by Chinese migrants who were
  picked up by the Chinese government in the 60''s, due to the political and economic
  issues of China-Indonesia.


  It''s getting darker, but the excitement for the new year''s party it just raised.
  I sat among the elders, they called themselves "Pure Huaqiao", people whose born
  and raised in Indonesia and then returned to China. Their tired face change immediately
  with enthusiasm when they start to tell stories about the past, their youth, especially
  stories about their lives in the transition periode,  from Indonesia to China.


  In this village, most of Huaqiao were born from the Chinese and Indonesian, so i''m
  not surprized with their faces, not look alike Chinese neither Javanese. What''s
  interesting is, they''re also can''t decides whether they are Chinese or  Indonesian
  diaspora. They felt that Indonesia is their homeland, Their tongues have enjoyed
  the taste of Indonesian cuisine, and their ears are familiar to hearing Indonesian
  and Javanese language, even though one of his parents still a Chinese, they also
  have chinese culture at their home.


  In NongChang village, they use Javanese as the language to communicate each other,  if
  we go there, we wouldn''t felt like in China. Javanese culture is dominate there,
  it is more difficult to say they are not Indonesian than say they are chinese. this
  is also the cause of misfortune for them as Huaqiao. For them, they are like imperfect
  frogs,  it''s neither live comfortably in water, nor on the  land.


  When they were in Indonesia, they got discrimination from community, their face
  that doesn''t look alike javanese, Chinese culture from his parents, and Chinese
  bad steriotypes in the Indonesian eyes, that made them always marginalized, never
  considered to be part of Indonesia. Likewise when they are in China, the bad steriotypes
  of the Chinese nation that considers everything come from outside of China has a
  bad influence, it  disturbs their lives.


  They told me their sad story while laughing, as if the bad thing that they were
  experiencing was just a fiction. Time may treat the wounds, but time can''t erase
  what has happened.

  My heart was fluttering as the fireworks explode at the black sky, their story make
  me think that equality was never exist on the earth, but at that same time the situation
  that I''m experiencing  make me believe that equality is really exists, equality
  exists when the hearts of human are being connected, like us nowadays, different
  citizenship, different era, different in beliefs, but we can gathered at the same
  room. Sharing our space and time, fill it with laughter, tears, smiles, affection
  and love.'
