Title: Humans are nice
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/humans-are-nice
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rowaida Janbaz
AuthorCountry: Afghanistan
Text: You want your trip to be different and special, you travel to a place without
  getting assistance of a travel guide. You do everything by yourself. The moment
  the plan lands and you step into the airport, you take a deep  breath and walk into
  the taxi station. But you don't know the language of Taxi driver neither he knows
  yours, still he smiles to you as a sign of welcoming you to his homeland. He takes
  your luggages putting them to the tailgate. You give him the address and he takes
  you there by love and sincerity. As he is driving, you enjoy the scene of the city.
  The lights looks as stars in the sky, but what a stellar one. You got to the hotel,
  you get off the Taxi. The breez blows your hairs, such a nice one, nourishing you
  all the way to the lobby. The next day, you go out by your self for breakfast. You
  get into a cafe not a glory one but warm and tranquil. You find the glory in the
  eyes of it's waiters welcoming you by shining eyes and splendid smile. You feel
  love in the taste of breakfast,  head to the toe you got positive energy. You go
  to a walk, by your both sides, orange trees prefumes the pavement. Then you are
  asking an address from a lady, she is directing you with her noble spirit. You get
  her mean but not her language. You gait and gait and gait, your feet takes you to
  the bus station. You are asking the man beside you for the bus going to your destination,
  he takes you to that. No empty seat is left for you but a gentle man gives his to
  you. You communicate to him telling your stop point and he communicates back to
  you telling you I will tell you when the bus arrived at your stop point. Despite
  the bus calls the stations as it arrives but your head is in the clouds. So kind
  people, holding big hearts. You are in the middle of your speculation that the gentleman
  calls you that the bus arrived to your destination. You thank him and get to your
  way.next time you go shopping after getting done with buying some staff and turning
  to the exit door you hear a sound, someone is running to you, oh she is the clerk,
  what is it! She is giving you the changes and the bell  you taught wouldn't be necessary
  to wait a moment in the crowd for recieving it. You are handing them meanwhile wondering
  the honesty and kindness of this people. This is the land of peace, you feel it
  from its clime. People are helping you without expecting a return. AM I THAT LUCKY
  ENCOUNTERING SUCH NICE PEOPLE!!! It is the honesty and sincerity flowing in their
  blood. That is why everything is so nice here, the territory grows to the horizons
  of success and development. And it pulls you toward itself as a magnet. You didn't
  know the language,  you didn't know a friend here and you didn't know the culture
  but you fell in love with what so ever is in here, Istanbul, Turkey.
