Title: hustle and peace
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/hustle-and-peace
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Muhammad Asad Ullah
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: A bike, a bag , a will , a destination and two weeks semester break from college
  provoke an intention in me to visit hilly areas . I like to travel alone because
  of inner  peace, self time, meditation and wondering nature's beauty , although
  a trip with friends and family has its owns excitements ,charms and adventures .
  I wonder how people are so much different from each other in their behavior,their
  priorities and their happiness. Road was long and bike was old but intentions were
  stronger . Gazing  a setting  sun behind a hill sitting in front of a lake and  observing  red
  and blue reflection of sky and throwing something in the water and watching a growing  ring
  of waves  with red and blue color was really looked like unnatural but is was not.
  On the way I stopped on a point where one road was  divided in two, I took may time
  and watched maps and took one road that was leading me to my destination well as
  my journey was my destination so an endpoint is better . After 50km I checked my
  GPS and gauss what I was on the wrong road after all decision making. There  was
  a road in the middle that connects both road.I  took it and after drivibg and carrying  my
  bike through many villages,small hills, water channels and fields and some guidance
  from locals I successfully reached to the same damn road that I should not have
  ever taken at the first time, it was getting colder and darker and  I was reaching
  nowhere . In my second attempt made it to the correct path well I was really happy
  to see it as the way looked much beautifier then before it was like i made it to
  the heaven , dark  gray mountains  setting sun again and broad empty road well yes
  this . This was my destination wondering wonders of the nature and seeing how small
  I am and how tiny my problems are . Reaching near endpoint it starts to snow and
  I had never seen snowfall and it was a great experience for me .
