Title: 'Hypnosis in the turmoil of existence! '
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/hypnosis-in-the-turmoil-of-existence
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Muhammad Zia
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: 'Relaxation! who doesn''t want it? The answer: Hiking! Your eyes will be soothed
  by the scenery, sensations mesmerized and nerves replenished. Cost: Well, sacrificing
  your weekend(sleep mostly) and some stamina! It was thus decided and i took the
  hand of my hypnotist(aka friend) and delved into this life changing experience from
  the turmoil of my existence!

  Set in the natural beauty of Islamabad, our destination was to capture the beauty
  of city atop the famous Margalla hills! Travelling by our private cars to the foothills,
  we took our cameras and began the leap into unknown!

  But wait... I had to pee first :P so along came the search for a quiet,safe place.
  Lets take a look to the right, nope! we have monkeys there. Left, a bunch of naughty
  kids who can make you famous on facebook more quickly than a selfie with Tom Cruise!
  Oh look, a curve and the perfect hiding spot, finally ending the search for relief!
  Off we go then! Into the breeze and off to the uncharted territories of my mind
  ;) The track covered in rocks, forcing us to slow down and hold onto each other.
  My friend; a bald, witty male paused and looked at me rather keenly, saying: " Awais,
  what is on the other side of these mountains?" I go Jeff what do you care as long
  as its not another dead city life that we so left behind us!

  Jeff, the only kid of his parents, grimaced and looked at me with visible discomfort
  saying: "Oh come on Awais, cheer up! you know that our city has clowns like you
  and you still say that it is dead huh". Ignoring him as usual, i carried on feeling
  that something was not right. A hand on my shoulder drifted me away from my thoughts
  and i saw an elderly man wearing white robes looking at me with a mysterious smirk.
  Before we could talk, he beckoned us to follow him. Hesitating, we followed his
  lead. To our surprise, he took the path that we were on and didn''t invite us,as
  we were afraid, into the wilderness with him. The man started talking. He goes,
  "So, i have heard that the world has decided to work on climate change. What do
  you suggest is the best solution for it?"

  Feeling confident, we gave our natural suggestions to which he continued, you know
  Mr. Awais, i have one solution that you literate people have never even heard of.
  I said okay sir go on, lets hear it from you then. To my shock, he took a watch
  from his pocket and pointed to it, saying: "Time, Mr. Awais, time!" You people spend
  all your time in the city and expect to change the nature. Why not spend your time
  in the nature and let nature change you!

  Food, as everyone knows is an important part of any travel :P so, we decided to
  camp and chose a nice corner with seats and moving water below. We had brought our
  barbecue sauce along with the spicy tender chicken! I wish you could just smell
  the aroma of that delight!

  To me,being hypnotized by nature is a rare event. But, on that day, i was met with
  such an instance. That precious moment was so full of essence and grandeur that
  i disappeared in the moment. A moment set in the cool breeze overshadowed by high
  pine trees and scant sunshine with a perfect pinch of required exhaustion!

  The top, visible now, seemed a charming host to us! But wait, it was not the end!
  It marked the beginning of a new city. A city that was not known to me. A city based
  on green energy and natural thinking! Green was the new "Artificial" and at that
  very moment i realized the importance of that old man''s words about time. I knew
  that i have finally discovered that the unknown cure to my turmoil was to be hypnotized
  from time and space by the ever green life of nature with all its beauty and majesty
  enmeshed and glorified by our very own being!'
