Title: I almost died, thanks Google Maps!
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-almost-died-thanks-google-maps
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ursula Strauss
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: How to get to Pai,one of the most debated questions if you happen to find yourself
  in Northern Thailand.Scooter versus taking a bus versus a taxi.The road to Pai is
  infamous with over 700 hairpin turns,762 to be exact,totalling 145km.Statements
  like,you will get car sick if you take the bus, too may turns, its dangerous on
  a scooter, be careful of all the taxis on the road. I felt confident on a scooter
  and thus packed one small bag and went for it!I planned to split my trip up over
  two days to rest my butt form being on the scooter for such a long time and taking
  a break from all the dreaded hairpin turns.The next day I set of on my adventure
  at first light, missing as much of the taxi traffic as possible. Off I went, stopping
  at temples along the way, temples void of other people which felt special. As night
  started to fall,I booked the one and only option available on Booking.com.This is
  where it start becoming interesting, Google Maps sends me straight into the jungle,
  no roads, just a small single track. I follow the track thinking it must be some
  hidden hut in the jungle,COOL! After 30 minutes of going around in circles, the
  thoughts start "I'm never getting out of this jungle, I'm going to be that tourist
  who dies from stupidity, I see the headline:"Tourist lost in jungle, dies from excessive
  mosquito bites". Cellphone battery about to die, I turn around, pray I find my way
  and head in a direction that looks like it might be a town. Sun setting I scoot
  into a small little town, relieved to see other people I stop at the first local
  restaurant, show the picture of my booking.com location, nothing , he doesn't speak
  English, never mind reading it. Next I show him the image of the home and he recognized
  it! MIRACLE! He calls his son over and the little boy run down the road, pointing
  to a home. I was so relieved I felt like crying and hugging the whole family! Later
  that evening I walked back to the restaurant for an amazing dinner and ice cold
  beers.Next day I start early on the road to Pai, up hills and bends but to my amazement,
  a very quiet road.  After 3 hours Google Maps confidently declares:"You have arrived
  at your destination". Parked on a mountain among dozens of trees with no form of
  civilization to be seen anywhere.Odd. This can't be it?I knew Pai had a reputation
  for being a hippy town, but a town with no houses of any sort? I re-entered Pai
  into Google maps and to my utter shock realized I had driven in the wrong direction,140KM
  in the wrong direction!Scoot back to Chaing Mai,fuming the whole way, I HATE YOU
  GOOGLE MAPS, how does this happen?Next day, take 3 for the road Pai, triple checking
  Google maps I headed to Pai, again. 50 km into my scoot, the scenery started changing,
  with every hairpin turn, palm trees and bamboo giving way to pine trees and a road
  so high its covered in clouds most  of the way. I was on the right path. Finally
  on the road to Pai.The views beyond spectacular and the ride smooth and FUN,  grinning
  the whole way, it was one of the best experiences of my life.The road to Pai is  must
  on a scooter, countless view points to stop at on the way. I took a detour,I know,
  how crazy can one girl be with my bad luck and sense of direction.I just wanted
  to follow the stunning scenery, stumbled upon little villages in the mountain side,
  twin waterfalls and heavenly views. Most of this beauty I enjoyed on my ace,it was
  early and the buses to Pai, go to Pai, no stopping and enjoying the journey on the
  way.I had planned ot stay in pay for 4 days, I ended up staying for 2 weeks,I could
  not get enough of all its natural beauty;waterfalls,warm springs,bamboo walkways
  over rice fields and the FOOD! Pai is worth the drive, even getting lost twice on
  the way,I would do it all over again & again.
