Title: I Found Love in a Foreign Place
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-found-love-in-a-foreign-place-2
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Demetra Kolokotrones
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Several years ago I impulsively signed up for a semester abroad.  I did not
  take the opportunity too seriously until it was too late and I found myself on a
  flight to London, agreeing to spend six months with strangers in a foreign country.  I
  was extremely homesick the first few days and I kept running into the Residential
  Assistant for my flat building who was an English gentleman that I was positive
  only took the position so he could utilize his British charm over all of the American
  students.  Something about this idea annoyed me terribly so I did my best to avoid
  the English player.  With the help of my flatmate I forced myself out of my bed
  and into the streets of London with her and several new friends.  The only way to
  get over my homesickness and anxiety of being in a new country on my own was to
  force myself to experience the unknown.  I soon fell into a routine of attending
  classes, working at my Internship for a mental health facility and by night going
  to some of the most amazing nightclubs in London.  About a month into living abroad
  one of my new friends, Hannah, had a birthday party at a very exclusive nightclub.  I
  was very excited, I bought a new dress, did my makeup, and was ready to party the
  night away.  While waiting to get into the nightclub, however, I saw someone who
  looked familiar near the front of the line.  It was the British RA better known
  as English Player; he was a club promoter for the nightclub we were trying to get
  into.  Right as I recognized him he caught my eye and before I could hide he recognized
  me as well.  I tried my best to push my way into the nightclub but it was too late
  and by the time we made it into the club he was following us in.  I made a beeline
  straight for our table and began to pour myself drinks but it was impossible, everywhere
  I turned he was right there.  Eventually, fed up I decided to confront him but as
  soon as I approached him he cut me off.  "Why do I never see you around?"  He asked.  To
  which I replied, "Because I have been trying to avoid you!"  Somehow this conversation
  spun off into him getting my phone number, which developed into me finally agreeing
  to allow him to take me on a date.  He had done some investigating and discovered
  that I love marine life and surprised me with a first date to the London Aquarium.  I
  didn''t want to hand it to him but he was doing a pretty good job winning me over.  After
  a few more impressive and thoughtful dates English Gentleman, whose name was Elliot,
  asked me to be his girlfriend.  On my birthday he took me on the London Eye and
  gifted me with a necklace with a small London Eye charm on it.  We spent the next
  few months traveling Europe together on our weekends: Sweden, Paris, Venice, Greece.  The
  entire experience felt unreal, like something out of a film.  But, sadly, our time
  together had to come to an end and I had to return to the United States.  It was
  heart breaking and we attempted long distance for three years after our abroad romance
  but in the end the distance was too much.  It''s both unbelievable and amazing to
  think how drastically my life has changed since the moment I decided to spontaneously
  move to London.  If I had not gotten on that plane not only would my life be completely
  different, but I may have never learned what it felt like to fall in love.'
