Title: '&quot;I found love in a hopeless place&quot;'
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-found-love-in-a-hopeless-place
SetInCountry: Zimbabwe
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Alexandra Panchenko
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: Africa is hopeless. That's was my prejudice against Zimbabwe when I came there
  for the first time. The country with a high level of corruption and poverty. I was
  accompanying a group of people who came there for a holiday trip. Once we settled
  in Victoria Falls, we traveled inland for a safari to Hwange National Park. Not
  only huge baobab trees impressed me on my way there. About an hour we had to wait
  for our guide, meanwhile he was repairing the car. Time was passing slowly so I
  decided to wander around a little settlement by the Park. There were many kids nearby.
  They watched the lizard on the stone and tried to catch it. It was quite big lizard
  as for me. Its size was about 6 inches. Children rounded the lizard and the bravest
  boy has caught her tail but soon after it, he let the lizard go. And then other
  boy tried to do the same. All of the kids were concentrated and smiled, totally
  obsessed with that innocuous game. Those children reminded me about my own childhood.
  Me and my childish friends used to play games like that. Before gadgets and smartphones,
  before the goals of gaining success, before the war in Donbass... Those kids looked
  happy. It was the best period of their lives without knowing about the existence
  of problems in the world. They were so alive and filled with love of life that I
  thought for a minute. What makes us lose this thirst for pure fun and happiness
  of being alive wherever we are? Why do we forget those mischievous little boys and
  girls inside our souls and let the anxiety to overwhelm us? This observation was
  an insight and let me find more love in my own life. Anyway, those kids will stay
  with me for a long time.
