Title: I lost myself in the lap of nature, away from the crowd
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-lost-myself-in-the-lap-of-nature-away-from-the-crowd
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: WASIM AKRAM
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Travelling always giving me energy boost. In November 2018 I started my journey
  witg my three friends towards Dooars, the land of hill forests river and wildlife.
  We were going by car. Started our journey at 6 am,  we expect that we will reach
  at our destination after 12 hours,  6 pm, but unfortunately due to heavy traffic,
  we are late by 4 hours, at 10 pm. Roads are unknown, we were depend on google map.
  After reaching at our resort, they welcome us, served food. After long journey,
  we all are so tired, after having dinar, we fall asleep very quickly. In the next
  morning we going to a national reserve forest for jungle safari. In the deep forest,  where
  the sound of wild animals make us feared. I take the smell of wild flowers, the
  smell of soils. Our guide shows us a fawn, who ran away into the jungle after seeing
  us. We see wild elephants taking bath with their child in pond,  wild pigs are coming
  for eating water. These are very beautiful to see the wild animals in their natural
  environment. After few ours we come back to our resort and taking rest. In the evening,
  temperature was low, about 10-11 degree celsius,  we make bonfire. Enjoyed our evening
  with grilled bonfire chicken and wine. One of my friend playing guitar and we all
  sang a song and danced. After enjoying we having our dinner and go to sleep. Next
  day in early morning we started our journey towards Jhalong (a place in the upper
  hill area in West Bengal, Himalayan range). Morning was very cold, after few kilometers
  the hill area started. Our car going upward. In the both sides of the roads, there
  are tall trees, and tea garden, totally green. Really very beautiful scenario. After
  several hours we park our car near to a waterfall. We came out from the  car and
  go the waterfall, wash our hands in the river water, water was very cold. We having
  our lunch in a nearby local restaurant with local food. Then stared our journey
  again for Jhalong. As long as we going, the hight of the hills are increasing. I
  sometimes feel very scary, when I look into the downside through the window. That
  was my first time to travel into a hill area. And temperatures also fall down, as
  long as we ride into the hills. In the evening we reached at Jhalong. Which is very
  beautiful place, people are  very helpful. Our resort was just in the bank of a
  river. In evening when we enjoy ourself with wine and chicken, the sound of water
  flow of the river we heard. All the hill, jungles are silent, dart. There was no
  network, keep away us from social media. One lady worker sang a local folk songs
  very silently. We lost ourselves in lap of nature, only folk song and the sound
  of the cricket we heard. The moon light fall in the river, and waters look like
  flow of silver, just amazing. Sky was so clear, so many stars in the sky. I realized
  myself, that we are so small in front of nature,  the needs of our dairy life are
  too small in comparison to this beauty of nature. That moment was really unforgettable,
  a lifetime golden memory. We returning home with sweet memories from Jhalong.
