Title: I&#39;m also new to this &quot;See the world&quot; thing
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-m-also-new-to-this-see-the-world-thing
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Khethiwe Phakathi
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'The year is 2017, my best friend and decide to celebrate being 31 years old
  by going far away to see the world. Wait, let me back up a bit here; the furthest
  we have been from our lovely South Africa, is to 2 countries we share a border with
  (Mozambique & Botswana) and one of the islands very close to Mozambique. We decided
  on a 10 day #UKtour. Have you tasted a ball of nerves and excitement all mashed
  together? That''s what we were, ha ha.


  The planning begins here: She has a friend who left for the UK when they were young,
  we are her Facebook friends. We told her we will come see her in Manchester, she
  was excited. So, just like that, our first stop for #UKtour was Manchester. Then
  the games began! How many days would we be in Manchester? Where would we go to next?
  How long would we stay there? Decisions, decisions!


  We decided that the last stop would be London, because what kind of first time #UKtour
  excludes London, not ours. We decided London will be longest stay with 4 days. Manchester
  3 days and the 2nd unknown stop would also be 3 days. We pulled our a map, pulled
  it out from online of course (giggles). We looked for a place in between the 2 chosen
  destination and settled on Bath. These decisions were made in that order.


  In March we booked Flights, economy with Emirates, we were pleasantly surprised
  to walk into economy that looked and felt like Business Class. April we have to
  book accommodation. Manchester was free, I bet you can imagine the taste of such
  bliss on travel. First timers got it right the first time, we were chuffed. We decided
  London would be via AirBnB, oh the sweetest family they saved us a lot of money
  by advising on the cards to buy for transport, they served us breakfast each morning.
  Bath, well, it ended up being Nottingham because as we were making online bookings
  for tourist activities, Bath wasn''t so appealing, then we landed on Nottingham,
  oh boy, did that appeal to us. We went toured the Robin Island Castle guys!


  We did all things you can imagine tourists doing. London; The Eye, Madame Tussauds,
  Buckingham palace, Hop on Hop off buss (This is a must, we went off to explore so
  so many of the stops, the day was just to short), just to mention a few. We even
  lost each other, because that is what first time "see the world" travellers do,
  yes, it is. It was my fault, I''m told. Instead of waiting for her at the end of
  the palace tour, I left after waiting for 20min, 20 min! I walked around town, shopping
  for souvenirs, as per the day''s plan until I took a buss to our London "Home" .
  She soon walked in too, she said she was at the ed of the tour waiting for me, i
  guess that was after the 20min I waited. I had the money, she went through our shopping
  I had done and decided to go back into town for more shopping, I slept, my day had
  been longer than planned.


  Bookings made online made our lives easier and cheaper. We left South Africa with
  all our print outs and our holiday was a breeze. We had never experienced such great
  Public Transport. When we arrived to Manchester, we were in awe of trains that move
  where cars do, when we left, we were Tram Queens. Yeah! The Subway, we worked that
  thing like pros after spending a day reading the routes like aliens and skipping
  stops to our laughter.


  My favorite part in it all was meeting Strangers! I am planning my first Solo Trip
  off Africa, I am going to Bali for 10 Days. Those who know it have asked what will
  I be doing in Bali for 10 days. 5 days in town, 2 days on an island and 3 days in
  the jungle. I''m yet to book activities. What I know for sure is that I''m just
  getting started on this "see the world" thing.


  Go on, do it!'
