Title: I Miss the Boys
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-miss-the-boys
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Gerry Kataoka
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I travel by myself often enough, domestically, and overseas.  But having Mr.
  Mike and his son, Matt on this trip has been special.  You already know, from our
  many previous trips, that Mike is the great explorer.  We have golfed all over the
  world, and driven Chile form top to bottom.


  But his son, Matt really knows food and drink of all types.  And fashion! My Asian
  friends here were so impressed with his vast knowledge of food, spices, and culture.  So
  was I.


  So, wherever we went, he added a huge element of background and insight into our
  food.  They could not believe that he knew so much about SE Asian food.  And they
  would not let me pay for anything!!!  This trip began in Bangkok, then went on to
  Kuala Lumpur and Penang in Malaysia to see my dear friends.  Then on to Siem Reap
  and Angkor Wat, to see more friends.  Our last stop was Hanoi, our 3rd trip there.


  But now I am back in Bangkok, so I took the new train down to Sukhumvit (city center)
  and the famous Siam Paragon shopping center and food court phantasmagoria.  And
  I felt like sushi and tempura, so here I am at Fumi.  I had the chirashi, and a
  nice piece of saba shioyaki.  And after walking around a bit, I indulged in one
  of the ultimate treats, a strawberry kakigori.


  On the negative side, loud, and I mean loud and pushy Chinese tourists everywhere.  Bless
  their hearts, they are the Japanese tourists of the 80s.  But a near fist fight
  and aggressive pushing and shoving match broke out in Siem Reap.  The instructions
  given to them by flight attendants in Chinese language do not register!  They unbuckle,
  stand, and start to unload as soon as the plane lands.


  Men pushing women, everybody yelling, cops on their way as we boarded, thankfully,
  a different flight.  Still, it was the flight from hell.  Remind me not to take
  Air Asia again, if I ever go back to the region.


  What to make of it?  Americans are now the quiet and polite tourists.  What a transformation!!!  What
  makes them do this?  Help me understand!!!  A friend said it was the crowded conditions
  in the big cities in China.  After all, 1.3 billion people are crammed into areas
  that have food, water, and utilities.


  We are the only ones sweating, the locals do not sweat!!  I am showering at least
  twice a day, and changing my shirt at least three times a day.  I am getting too
  old for all of this humidity.  I think I did laundry most every day.


  The JAL Lounge in Bangkok has real food for us, what a pleasant morning.  Maybe
  the US carriers can take a hint?  But sushi for breakfast is a bit much to enjoy.  They
  had plenty of other choices, however.  And I must say, the lounge is much quieter
  than anywhere else in the airport.


  I wish I had more than an hour layover in Tokyo.  Love the airport, food, and gift
  selection.  I managed to call a dear friend who lives and works in Tokyo.  She was
  rather disappointed that I did not arrange a layover.  So was I!


  But I was able to buy some of the famous Japanese thin, wafer cookies at Fa So La
  at Narita airport.  I stood in line for 45 minutes with loud, obnoxious tourists
  from "you know where".  The cookies were cherished by everyone back home!


  In LAX, I got to try the new American Airlines 1st class lounge.  Better than United,
  not up to Singapore Airline standards. Still, a big improvement for a domestic airline.


  I should be home later today, Thursday.  I can''t wait.  Until the next trip.'
