Title: 'I now believe in destiny '
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-now-believe-in-destiny-2
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ken Arakaki
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: I've always had a dying desire to travel but never took the initiative step
  due to fear and my unwillingness to do it alone. I had been working an office IT
  job for 4 years and finally felt my youth wasting away so I decided to take a solo
  trip to Mexico City, as a trial, in which I enjoyed so much, I decided to take a
  trip through southeast Asia 2 months later. I landed first in Chiang Mai, Thailand
  and had a blast the first 3 days until I was unable to book my ticket to Vientiane,
  Laos on my 4th day which prompted me to find another hostel and festivities for
  another day. Once situated I decided to rent a bike for a day and headed up to Wat
  Phra That Doi Suthep, a temple in the mountain northwest of the main city. After
  viewing a spectacular view I decided to head further into the mountain to visit
  a remote Hmong village which was not locatable on Google Maps, buying gasoline in
  old Coca Cola bottles on the way. On the way back down the mountain, having soaked
  in the culture, I was blocked by 2 tour buses on a 1 lane road with 2 other bikers.
  The 2 bikers then went into the oncoming lane and over took the bus. After a long
  moment of hesitation I decided to do the same. Just as I merged into the oncoming
  lane and accelerated, we approached a wide left turn. With my sight of view blocked
  I was afraid of crashing into an oncoming car so I quickly swerved back into my
  lane. It was then my tires skidded, tipping myself and bike over. I skidded for
  a good 3 seconds and when I came to I had cuts all over my hands, arms, legs and
  also on my chin. After laying there, baffled in disbelief, alone, I was picked up
  by a young local who treated my wounds. I drove my broken bike down the mountain
  back to my hostel with mixed emotions of anger and disbelief. Only the 4th day.
  While treating my wounds at the hostel I was approached by a German girl who had
  been traveling for 7 months and she sparked a conversation with me even offering
  to help patch me up. Conversation was brief. That night I went out partying until
  around 3 am. As I go to lay down on my hostel bed, drunk, I feel a plastic bag I
  had not put there. In it was ointment and gauze with a note saying that these would
  help my wounds and a well recovery. It was from the German girl. She left without
  me being able to say a proper goodbye/thanks. This bothered me for hours so I asked
  the hostel attendant for her info. After an unsuccessful search (although followed
  a few who might be) through social media I gave up and headed to Laos. A week into
  Laos, one accepted my invitation and to my surprise it was her. She was in Ayutthaya,
  Thailand and by coincidence she was headed to Bangkok the next day as I was. We
  met up and I ended up skipping Cambodia to spend time with her until I had to fly
  to Vietnam and she to Malaysia. We kept in touch and a month after my return to
  the US she came to visit me for a month. 3 months after that I quite my stable job
  and sold everything to my name except for what fit in two suitcases and one 40L
  travel pack and moved to Germany to be with her. I have been here for 5 months now
  on a work visa and her and I have went on to travel to Netherlands, Italy, Spain,
  and France. We have plans to do Morocco and Greece soon and more. Even applied for
  the same University in Sweden, and if accepted we will move there. It has been 1
  heck of a year. Finally decided to live out my dream. Doing so has also been very
  helpful for my poor mental health caused by my rough childhood. I am truly blessed.
  Peace.
