Title: 'I Remember '
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-remember
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ajak Majur
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: My family migrated to Australia when I was two-years old, too young to grasp
  where we were headed to yet too old to be oblivious to the sudden transformation
  in my background. I remember the cries of my grandparents as they, for the first
  time in her twenty-one years of life said goodbye to my mother who was their youngest
  daughter. I remember the bumpy car ride to Juba Airport, the dirt paths were so
  unstable that it felt as if the road would crumble beneath us. I remember my uncle
  Saed giving my mother one of the longest hugs I had ever seen, they both cried,
  that was the first time I had seen a man cry. I remember my then four-year old brother
  clutching my hand and stringing me through the airport as we stumbled behind my
  mother whilst she struggled to push the luggage on her own. I remember crying hysterically
  when the plane begun to take off, I was terrified. Of the plane and of the unfamiliar
  feeling of being strapped down, I had never been strapped down before and all of
  a sudden their was this belt across my waist pinning me to a chair. I  remember
  being carried as I slept, however it did not completely wake me up. When I did wake
  I was on a different plane. It was bright outside and there was a very big building,
  the biggest building I had ever seen. I remember holding hands with my brother following
  my mother to the plane exit, I remember standing at the top of the long stairs which
  were connected to the plane. The air was different, the sky was a darker blue than
  I was use to, even the skin colour of the people who were walking around on the
  ground was different. I remember looking at my brother and smiling, I remember the
  unfamiliarity I felt being in a new country. I remember.
