Title: 'I was kicked out from the nunnery '
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-was-kicked-out-from-the-nunnery
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Celine Despalle
AuthorCountry: France
Text: '"You have to leave today". It was December 24th and I could not believe my
  ears. I was sitting in front of the Head nun and it felt like Doom''s day not Christmas.
  I had been volunteering for 12 days in a nunnery of central Thailand. Little did
  I know about the reasons of this decision. It turned out that I was flirting with
  a male volunteer. I did not know. Nor did he. But the Head nun knew! She"saw it".
  When I asked what it was, she snapped and said "I don''t  need to give you any details".
  Quite a handy line. The truth did not matter.After emphasizing her lack of compassion,
  I went back to my hut to pack , distressed and frustrated. Christmas eve on my own.Literally.
  I informed my friends who were volunteering with me: Ivan from Russia -starring
  my beloved- and Maureen from France. I arrived at the gate to say goodbye. Then
  Ivan appeared. Then it was Maureen''s turn.They decided to leave with me to the
  surprise of the nun and to my sheer delight. The nun reluctantly accepted that the
  neighbour dropped us to the nearby village to get a shuttle back to Bangkok. Once
  in the bus we put on our Xmas hats and I asked the driver to stop at 7/ 11 to get
  some Chang beers to celebrate.

  I was looking at the mesmerizing sunset through the window and then at my two friends
  and my heart was melting with pure joy . We had laughed countless times, shared
  so much of ourselves during our stay in the convent and now we were ready for more
  adventures in the Thai capital. And what a Christmas Eve! After eating a delicious
  pad Thai and drinking a papaya juice, we roamed the streets of Khao San Road and
  Rambuttri the backpackers'' quarters. I never liked this area, judging it too touristy.
  But I fully embraced it on that night and enjoyed every second of it. I even found
  the tuk tuk drivers friendly! There was beauty in the chaos. Life was buzzing. And
  I had found my tribe. The three musketteers. I did not know at the time that we
  would travel for three weeks in Cambodia together. And I will thank the Head Nun
  every day to have kicked me out on Christmas Eve! Kopkunka!'
