Title: I will tell you how is Tel Aviv
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-will-tell-you-how-is-tel-aviv
SetInCountry: Israel
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Cecilia Dardana
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'The Middle East is complicated.


  Military service is still mandatory in Israel. Of course, there is war there, even
  if you do not see it.


  You cannot escape: three years for men, two for women. The only way to avoid it
  is either to prove that you are crazy or move for at least ten years and not be
  able to come back to your country if not as a tourist.


  In other words, at the age of 18 you are called to become an adult and the State
  wakes you up by placing a rifle in your hand. Just to understand: the boys born
  in 1997 can be that command platoons of 70 people.

  1997, 70 people. I do not know if it is clear.


  In these three years you can be sent to the front, you can be killed, you kill as
  well, you lose your friends and sometimes your mind. Many of them, after the mandatory
  period, decide to take a sabbatical and travel. Perhaps to find themselves again,
  perhaps to forget.

  They smoke so many weed, maybe to be able to sleep.


  People, from the period in the army, talk about it without any problem but without
  going into details. In fact, if you ask too much information, most of the time they
  can not answer, it''s top secret. They are not allowed to talk about it even with
  the family.


  In new homes at least one room is a bunker, otherwise public ones exist.


  On the other hand, there is the libertine Tel Aviv, the city of gays, the city where
  you smoke in the bars and a cocktail costs you 15 euros. Several times someone asked
  me if I do drugs, I hope not because it seems. In the clubs the 90% of people are
  men, 10% women. Of course, because it seems that the latter consider going out late
  in the evening an easy girl behavior. So if you''re part of that 10% you''re fucked
  up, you''re like a rare object that everyone wants. Ask someone for a cigarette?
  You won''t cut it anymore.


  But they are all very respectful and kind. They do not bother you, they just want
  to talk (most of them in a perfect English).


  And then there is the bazaar, the smell of spices, there are houses destroyed next
  to skyscrapers, girls on the beach with the rifle. You eat hummus, the electric
  scooter is a must have, when there is Shabbat do not hope to find open even a single
  store.


  At the airport they check you as if you are a terrorist, and even if you''re not,
  for a few moments, you''ll feel like you are. If you have been in Muslim countries,
  just get comfortable.


  As far as I am concerned, let them do it, because I have every intention of going
  back.

  I had a bath in November.

  And I saw Jerusalem before dying.'
