Title: 'I wonder, wander and am not lost: Volunteering and Travel'
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/i-wonder-wander-and-am-not-lost-volunteering-and-travel
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Kimberly Morrison
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I traveled to volunteer. It was 2001, I was 18 and had no direction.  What
  I did not expect was the overwhelming feeling of loss as I was coming home.  My
  trip was about staying with a family and helping them.  I lived with them, went
  to church with them and found faith in family again.  They taught me to cook and
  did not think twice about me being a foreigner.  Yes, I saw the ruins that attract
  so many to Greece and sat on the sandy beaches like everyone wants to do. I travelled
  from an English school in the northern city of Thessaloniki to the picturesque white
  washed beach towns of the Greek Isles. I experienced new foods.  I ate a live octopus
  (it was about an inch in length) and tried sumptuous dishes made with local olive
  oil and lots of fish.  I also helped a little town, on the boarder of the Former
  Yugoslavia Republic of Macedonia with Greece, to build a memorial fountain to a
  townsman who had passed in an accident. As a traveler from America, I do not always
  have positive interactions in little towns because of the preconceived opinions
  about how Americans are (loud, pushy, etcetera) but I never felt like I had to apologize
  in Greece.  Everyone I encountered seemed to want to know about me and to help me.   For
  me, however the best part of the trip was my new family.  The volunteering was great
  but the wealth of Greece is not monetary but instead an intangible sense of family,
  no matter if by blood, interests or simply humanity.  I would say to other travelers:
  go to the monuments.  See them and wonder at how they survived millennia but also
  learn about modern Greeks and how they live.  The culture is vibrant and the people
  are a joy. I would recommend Athens and Thessaloniki as two vibrant cities with
  a lot.'
