Title: Impromptu Wedding Photos
DateModified: '2019-02-03'
DatePublished: '2019-02-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/impromptu-wedding-photos
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Brian Williams
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: When traveling in Venice, you have certain expectations, and most often, you
  find the exact thing you are looking for. That romantic gondola ride, that perfect
  Italian pasta, the breathtaking architecture. I of course, had these same expectations,
  but little did I know, for my first visit to Venice, something totally unexpected
  came my way. While touring St. Marks Square with a friend, I saw a beautiful bride,
  her groom and her bridesmaid, walking the streets of Venice. I said to myself, "How
  romantic. Getting married in Venice." Out of the blue, her bridesmaid approached
  me and asked if spoke French, Italian or English. I replied English. She then asked
  if I would be able to take photos of her friend, and she pointed to the bride. I
  was confused at first. I asked her why. She said her photographer did not show and
  needed someone to take her photos. My face lit up with such excitement and I immediately
  told her "Yes! I would love too!" By pure coincidence, I happened to be a professional
  photographer, who has had many publications in the past. But because I was a tourist,
  all my professional photo gear was at the hotel. I had to make do with the equipment
  that I had with me. The bridesmaid walked me over to the bride, and I introduced
  myself. I proceeded to give her the best photos that I could given the unique situation
  that was handed to me. She was from Paris and explained that her photographer was
  tied up at the airport due to some missing documentation. I didn't really understand
  it all, since her English skills were a bit weak. All I knew is that I had to try
  to give this beautiful bride the best photos I could. I could see and feel all the
  tourists staring at us, as I was photographing the bride and groom in St. Marks
  Square. I can only imagine what they were thinking! After taking several photos
  for about an hour, her real photographer showed up! He was grateful that I was able
  to provide her the photos she needed until he arrived. I had a sense of relief when
  he arrived, not for me, but for the bride. After all, she probably paid for his
  services and to have him not be there would be so disappointing! As my unique experience
  came to an end, we exchanged numbers so I could give her the photos. We said our
  goodbyes and I went back to my hotel thinking to myself "You just photographed a
  wedding in Venice, Italy!" What were the odds of being in that location, at that
  exact time, exact place and finding a bride who needed a photographer? As I walked
  back to the hotel, it occurred to me that I missed the opportunity to have my photo
  taken with her. I didn't feel to badly about that, since I had the photos to remember
  her by. Well, as luck would have it, the very next day, I saw her walking around
  in her gown, with what I presumed to be her friends. I called out her name, she
  turned around and was very excited to see me! I asked for a photo with her, and
  she had her friend do the honors! I look back on this photo as a wonderful reminder
  of a beautiful bride who made my trip to Venice, one of the most memorable experiences
  of my life.
