Title: 'In a far far away land '
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/in-a-far-far-away-land
SetInCountry: France
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Sof\xEDa  Santoyo Vega"
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'When you leap into the unknown, at first you don''t know how you feel. But
  as you gert closer and closer to the destination the fear creaps in. You have just
  realized that you don''t speak the language, you will be away from your family,
  that you are alone. I''m not talking about a two week vacation, usually we are super
  exited to find out what will happen, what will do, we do t care if you can''t understand
  d what the people are saying. Afterall, it is only two weeks.

  I''m talking about something much scarier, going to live in a different country
  a whole ocean away from home.


  I come from Mexico and am currently living in France with a lovely French family.
  Even though it is not the first time I live in a different country the nervousness
  and the fear of somethig new and unknown comes with a vengeance.


  My story begins with some problems, economic ones, not being a me to continue my
  studies for a year I decided to take an opportunity. Live in a fereign country with
  people I''ve never met before for the purpose of learning a fourth language. I was
  like, "this will look awesome in my curriculum". Well the point is, I didn''t have
  any money, I wanted to travel, I wanted a new opportunity. So I became au pair.
  For those who don''t know what that is, families from all around the world look
  for young foreigners to take care of their kids while they are st work. In exchange
  they pay you some money for your personal expenses and give you food and a place
  to sleep, you live with them. It wasn''t as eassy as I thought, but not as complicated.
  I contacted the family through the internet, and that can always be a little bit
  dangerous. I took a great leap of faith when I decided to live with this family.
  I do t n ow anyone in Europe. I hadn''t even been there before, but it was for the
  best. After a while day of traveling I finaly met the family, they smiled at me
  and took pictures. I could understand little of what they were saying, my French
  was very basic. But the fear had faded to some extend, they looked and felt like
  good people. I was tired and wanted a bath, the kids were at school, so I took my
  time and got comfortable in my new bedroom. Truthfully I''m very lucky for the family,
  they have only given me the best. When the kids arrived they talked and talked and
  I couldn''t understand a thing, that sure was scary. How am I supposed to take.
  Are of kids o don''t even understand? But after some time you start to understand
  you see your improvement you get so exited. You will miss your home but god was
  it worth it. Toulouse is the city where I live, there are plenty of beautiful things
  to see, plenty of activities and the culture is marvelous. Let''s not talk about
  the food, that will blow your mind. Definitely one of the best cuisines thaqt I
  have ever tried, and I,have tried quite a few.


  It''s been a couple of months now I almost understand every word, the family has
  taken me to a lot of places. Biarritz, a beautiful French beach, Luchon a nice ville
  in the Pirenes where a white winter is a given. My next visit will be on me, with
  the mle y they pay me its enough to travel on my own. It''s a good balance, vacation,
  learning, and work. It''s a cheap way to visit a new country and learn a lot. Of
  course a year it''s not the only option, three months and six months are also possible.
  But it''s very important to be careful and sign a contract


  This is one of the best experiences of my life, I get to know something new. If
  you are scared, don''t worry, the best thing in life are scary.'
