Title: In So Well, Out Too Fast
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/in-so-well-out-too-fast
SetInCountry: Libya
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Mahmoud Tarbah
AuthorCountry: Libya
Text: 'As a young enthusiast, I didn''t have that many experiences up so far in life;
  at least not big enough to boast about or narrate in detail excitedly, not as anyone
  who knows me thinks I should have, and definitely not as much as I''ve hoped to
  have seen by now. But there was one point in time when a certain event took place
  and a story followed; and though perhaps brief - as believed by everyone who listened
  to it - I can almost say that through all the twenty-four years that I''ve lived
  it certainly was the most exciting thing that happened to me.  One day after a few
  long months of idly sitting at home doing nothing when college was over, my Uncle
  that lived in New York contacted me about a certain "job opportunity", and set up
  a meeting with my new boss - and whom is also a family relative that I''d be meeting
  for the first time in my life - and told me to pack up and be ready to leave for
  the unknown in only a couple of days. I was overcome with anxiety, of course, as
  would anyone who spent most of his time sleeping late and overly doing it and waking
  up only to watch TV shows and browse the internet; but I was mostly refreshed by
  the idea that I finally have something to look forward to. Two days passed and on
  the third I was on my way to Benghazi to meet my new boss; and though the trip there
  took no more than a couple of hours; listening to the passengers and the cab driver
  talk about numerous formal things like politics and work, I was hit with the sudden
  realization that there were other people, and their minds worked differently and
  they had different goals and different styles of behavior. Most importantly, every
  one of those four special men was heading to the same location I was going to be
  working at: the desert.

  After I''ve met with my boss and relative, we were on our way to the first facility
  in Brega, and it wasn''t, at first, a very exciting view, to tell the truth: the
  air was too hot, and everywhere you looked the buildings were old and riddled with
  holes that made them look like old wrinkled people to me. And then there it was,
  a big, wide neighborhood once you''ve gone past one big gateway portal; tall, beautiful
  and new-looking buildings stood on both sides of a two-way-street, and one spatial
  institute in between them that my boss said was the dining hall and, in such a lonely
  and far place, the only source of entertainment for the petrol-workers. Thinking
  I was home I took my freedom with me, until my boss surprised me with the fact that
  I was leaving the next day with a co-worker of mine. And so we did, and though most
  of my memories of that place faded, the journey to the loneliest place of work still
  is the thing I remember the most. To the right and to the other side, behind and
  ahead and everywhere you looked there was nothing but golden seas of sand and far,
  far ahead was a horizon that did not match the sky''s blue, but had a radiant heat
  shining above it and was also yellowish. The man I rode with kept rambling on about
  some "duck" that the people there used as a landmark, until I saw for myself what
  he meant. It came upon one side of a crossroads, a huge natural mountainous rock
  that actually resembled a duck, and it was a fantastic view. Then came the hills,
  deep and high tides of gold, as the glistening glass shone there amongst the hills.
  Three hours later, after a long trip of what I thought to nowhere, had led to another
  big neighborhood or more like a farm or a field, that was surrounded by a fence
  and in stood buildings where I''ve worked as a supervisor for a foods-service company.
  It wasn''t international but I met a lot of people of different ethnicity and nationality:
  the bus driver was German, the technician and the doctor were Asians; some were
  Egyptians and others Syrian and Lebanese. I can''t say for sure that it indeed was
  like traveling for I''ve never really left Libya for one reason or the other, and
  though it is indeed most certainly my biggest dream to be able to travel and write,
  I could not so far but get that one chance to change my life, and it so happened
  that it did; even briefly. The desert does change people: at first you fear it,
  then you dislike and doubt it; and then you fall in love with it, and could never
  again forget how it felt like to visit it, even if you''ve only spent one day there.'
