Title: in search of my best version
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/in-search-of-my-best-version
SetInCountry: Vanuatu
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Suzana  Hazin lefki
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: It was 6 months of indescribable emotions. Unforgettable moments that I'll take
  with me forever. In this madness that is called life, I met incredible people, some
  came and others left, I saw some not finished, others gave up and saw another place
  there another chance, I saw people who did not know what they wanted, and people
  who met theirselves. I have joined friends, strangers, countries and even cultures.
  I created new concepts, learned new things, gained maturity and experience. I made
  an empty apartment in my house, turned colleagues into friends, pains in resistances.
  I hope that from now on I will be more prepared for the new phases that will come,
  and that the new objectives and challenges will be even more pleasant to conclude.
  One of the most difficult realities was the need to always say goodbye. See people
  coming and going, being a person who comes and goes ... I went through days of desperation,
  and others I died laughing .. I made friends that I will carry to life and other
  colleagues that maybe I will not see more, over time I learned that the people who
  are around now, want your good and take care of you, but they will also become homesick
  when you leave. That we are a series of different things in different situations
  and that the new and beautiful landscapes, will become just photographs. I began
  to understand better the flow of life. The meetings, the separations, the beginning,
  the end. It was to live a relationship of love and hate with time. Wish it flew
  a few times, and ask it to pass slowly on others. It's living away from home, in
  the middle of bad days, that you wished you were not here, and remembering the good
  side of what led you here. And we have to learn to enjoy the time we have. I hope
  that these dear people will succeed in their journey, and that we will have in one
  day the opportunity to rediscover ourselves, with realized dreams, built families
  and full happiness. Because for a life, all sacrifice is duty !! In the end is this,
  is marked by achievement, longing and excitement! Do not forget to live before you
  die.
