Title: In the mystic land among local nationalist
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/in-the-mystic-land-among-local-nationalist
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Taheera Mian
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: 'On Oct 7, 2016, my Grandpa announced excitedly, Prepare for the next week!
  we are going to Kasur. I wasn''t looking forward to it but I had no choice.  I  didn''t
  want to go because I am not fond of these big family gatherings. But My Grandfather
  is a very family, oriented man. And by "Family Oriented" I don''t mean his family,
  but his brother''s family, sister''s family, daughter''s family, son''s family and
  all families of the world. So, on the expected day, everyone gathered and grandpa
  fit the whole family tree into one large passenger coach. But considering my delicate
  nature, he bestowed a special protocol on me.  He made me sit with him and grandmother
  in a separate car. And ironically it did a great compensation to my loneliness.
  In our culture, family picnics are usually very dynamic. All families come together
  and put a certain amount of contribution to it. So everyone was playing a particular
  role there. Elders were preparing for the trip while the youngsters were just chilling
  and chatting. So after all preparations, We set off to Kasur at 12 noon. It was
  blazing hot and everyone was just frustrated with the scorching heat. Meanwhile,
  Grandpa and grand maa were discussing our national values and glorifying our dear
  motherland. And I was just sitting quite. After an hour and a half, we all arrived
  at our destination.  Kasur is not our hometown only but a place of great historical,
  spiritual and cultural significance. It is resting place of the famous Sufi poet
  "Baba Bulleh Shah" and is home to some of the great artists such as "Noor Jahan".
  And the thrilling part is, it shares Loc with India. For the first time ever, I
  felt a strange sense of belonging when I first had its first glance. I felt like
  it is equally mine as it is my Grand father''s and his father''s. All were excited
  when they stepped out of the bus. In a few moments, this was going to be one of
  the most memorable trips for everyone. First, we went to the tomb of "Baba Bulleh"
  shah where Qawwals were reciting Saint''s famous poetry; and giving the divine message
  of love and brotherhood. So everyone came together and prayed there. Next up, we
  all walked through the streets and reached our relative''s house. The hosts were
  waiting for us. By the time we reached, they warmly welcomed us and we paid greetings
  to each other. After that, we moved to the dining hall for lunch. They showed us
  great hospitality and treated us with extreme generosity. Also, they strongly believe
  in sharing. So, they sent food around the neighbours. They also called children
  from the streets by striking spoons against the steel plates. All the children came
  running and laughing and It really melted my heart. I chatted with some of the children
  and asked them about their wishes and dreams. And to my surprise, they all replied:
  "We want to be happy in this country". I was just astounded! I  wanted to talk to
  them all day but we had a very short time. So we had to say Goodbye. After saying
  them goodbye, we all headed for the "Biggest Adventure of the Day". We went to the
  Border of "Ganda Singh"  and we all were really thrilled about that part of the
  day. In fact, thrilled is a very small word to describe it. I was seeing the border
  for the first time in my life. After stepping there, I had these goosebumps all
  over my skin. I was in a completely different zone. I had never experienced such
  unity ever. The national anthem was being played with so much furore that it raised
  the spirits of people to a new level.  People seemed quite enthusiastic and it elevated
  my spirits. Both nations had started to chant and raise slogans. And soldiers were
  at the centre of this. I find this all very interesting but on the other side, I
  deeply ponder into the idea of "Nationalism".I believe that it makes sense when
  you love your country but wouldn''t the world be a better place if we love all?'
