Title: 'In the land of spices. '
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/in-the-land-of-spices
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Karthika  Balakrishnan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: The mixed culture is truly a blessing for India, where we can experience every
  bit of it. Here I'm travelling to Thekkady, one of the main tourist destination
  located in the Western Ghats of "God's own country". As it is my first time to stay
  at a highly ranked resort for 4 days and 3 nights, I was so excited for experiencing
  their hospitality. I reached Spice Village around 6 in the evening where I saw the
  trees in the entrance welcoming us with a breeze and could feel the freshness in
  the air. Everyone there was greeting us with warmth and love, which made my stay
  comfortable. Spice village, is a must go resort because they have maintained the
  local theme where the architecture resembles the tribe community and a magnificent
  ecosystem. The resort also organizes trekking in the jungle with local guides where
  we could enjoy the wildlife and bamboo rafting in the Periyar lake. They also takes
  their guest for elephant ride, spice garden visit, bullock cart rides, exploring
  the city and local resources. Then we were taken for a property visit inside the
  resort, which was unbelievable. They produce everything by themselves bio-gas, almost
  all vegetables and fruits, drinking water, paper recycling and many more which should
  be experienced. Every single staff were treating us like their own family. The food
  was marvellous and there were nothing we could point out in the entire resort were
  they should work on. It is really a holiday destination were you can ease and go
  off your stress. Finally, it is our last day at Spice Village. My colleagues and
  me were literally crying because we don't want to leave this wonderful place. The
  love and affection given for us from them was unbelievable. No choice, we have to
  leave now. So, we took a photograph along with all the staffs and then ended with
  a hand shake. Got into the car with watery eyes and suddenly a voice raised " we
  had a great time and hope you guys would come back soon" and I screamed, " of course,
  it was my best vacation ever" and I left the place with a wide smile with lot of
  memories to cherish. I wish I could visit the place again with my family.
