Title: Increasing Cultural Awareness throughout Traveling to China
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/increasing-cultural-awareness-throughout-traveling-to-china
SetInCountry: China
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Aristianto Aristianto
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Serious! Traveling in part of China''s cities could make me getting something
  unexpected. When I set foot looking around city, suddenly I saw a cat hit by a motorcycle
  and no one cared about the incident. Then I asked one of the pedestrian,


  "Sir, what happened, why didn''t anyone help the cat?"


  Here everything has been arranged and it has procedures. Cat that was hit would
  be the responsibility of the authorities who would  help the cat, he said.


  By this incident, I got surprised that made me not to expect to happen. Seeing this
  incident, I am sure when I or anyone wanted to travel, something would be surprised
  happened because of cultural differences. I walked a few kilometers and suddenly
  I felt hungry and wanted to eat at the nearest restaurant. Then I ask the woman
  who is around me.


  "Ms, can you help me find the closest restaurant here?"


  I thought she wanted to answer my question, but she took her cellphone and she tried
  to explain where the restaurant was located by typing. Once again, this surprised
  me because she understood what I was saying but she could not interact with me using
  English.


  Certainly my curiosity arises, why did that happen? While thinking about it, I walked
  towards the restaurant that had been directed by her and I thankful to her. After
  eating, I decided to go back to the my place while finding out what already happened
  to answer my curiosity. I opened the internet and I tried typing a few keywords.
  I found some answers to the article but it did not make me satisfied until I could
  directly interview the local people who lived  here. I would ask about this issue
  tomorrow when I attended the International Conference.


  Before answering my sense of enlargement using the internet, of course some platforms
  could not be used in the area where I lived, so I used the local Chinese platforms
  itself. This one surprised me again when I first arrived in China, I could not access
  the platforms that were generally used by people out there.


  When attending the International Conference as a speaker, I met many people, including
  local residents. I started to ask after I finished opening the conversation and
  talked casually. Then one of the person who was talking with me answered based on
  his point of view because he was one of the researchers. He explained that  people
  there learnt English in generally, such as writing, reading and listening that means
  learning English is not too much to be taught, especially in speaking. When I heard
  his explanation, I imagined that occurred when I asked the location of the restaurant
  at that time. At that moment, my curiosity has been answered. it''s time for us
  to enter the main hall to listen to the pleanary speaker after that we would  present
  the research with the title of each.


  Traveling experience is very memorable by learning a lot of culture in this country.
  Traveling as well as being present at International conferences can refresh the
  mind and add more experience to see various kinds of cultural differences that must
  be respected in any forms.


  Please, travel to see how rich cultural difference is!'
