Title: 'Inner outer perspective '
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/inner-outer-perspective
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Jamilah Jawad
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I didn't expect to find myself orphaned with another family. They were responsible
  for my first trip put of the country. I didn't expect how different the air breathes
  outside of my home. I didn't expect to feel so small, in such an infinite space.
  My first trip to Canada. I was 14 years of age. Still in high school, I met a friend
  named Monte. Monte and I were the same. He mirrored my perception of self. There
  was instant chemistry, which led to a 3 year friendship! Grateful is what I am to
  have met an equal half. As the years progressed, I was introduced to his mother,
  Grandmother and his dog, Tino. The chemistry continued to flow! The comfort i received
  is similar to the feel of new bedsheets. Eventually, this led to our talk of Canada!
  Although orphaned on the trip, I had to consult with my parents, and neither of
  the two rejected the request. Excited and having a hard time concealing it, I rushed
  over to Monte's place. "Sooooo, it's a yes!!" is all I had to say to him before
  I heard the shuffling of his feet from dancing. We played Guitar Hero until curfew,
  and planned all of the greasy foods we would eat! The upcoming days prior to the
  trip, I gained cold feet. "What if something happens?" "How do I gain a passport?"
  "How expensive will it be!?", I couldn't relieve myself of the negativity. That
  was the moment I realized that I wasn't prepared to be outside of a classroom or
  my parent's home. A freshmen in high school who can't properly catch public transportation
  was leaving the country. Is this a good idea? What if I never make it back home?
  Am I safe with this trusted family? The questioned flooded my mind until the day
  of. The morning of the trip, I got dressed and told myself that overcoming the fear
  of traveling could possibly change my life! I spent the next hour doing research,
  video chatting Monte, and praying that everything was ok! Monte, his mother, a friend
  of his and I decided to drive to Canada, with it being a few hours away from Ohio.
  The car ride was one of the best parts! With Monte's mom driving, the rest of the
  gang decided to make videos, pass around snacks, and dance until we were tired!
  The scenery almost blocked out the festivities! Nature has always captivated me.
  IT created my wanderlust and my passion to write about it! I decided on that car
  ride that I wanted to spend the rest of my life traveling. We were there in a matter
  of hours, and the energy itself was welcoming! There were beautiful people everywhere!
  Monte eyes were wide open the moment we stepped out of the car! I was struck by
  the colors, the women, the sight of it all. Even down to the comfy jacket I was
  wearing. It was heavenly, or my idea of a heaven. Abruptly, the story stops. I wake
  up in 2019, with nothing but a vague memory of that day. Everything felt so real!
  I could smell it, see it, taste it! My parents confirmed the trip. I remember the
  car ride. So why can't I remember coming home? What happened after I became awe
  struck? Was it a dream? Parallel reality? I spent years questioning that trip. The
  memory came to me when I was 15. I stopped by my parents house and asked "Mom, I
  hope you don't think it's weird, but do you remember me going to Canada?" She looked
  at the worried look on my face with innocence, "You go a lot of places." That was
  the worst answer of my life at the moment. Monte and I stopped speaking, so I was
  always unsure of his answer. If you ask me, I am PRETTY sure I experienced Canada,
  and hopefully I was able to have an amazing time! It created a wanderlust that is
  unyielding in me. I wouldn't want to do anything else. It also sparked my curiosity
  to parallel realities. Maybe in another time, I actually went. Maybe not. Just maybe...
