Title: Into The Land of Enchantment
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/into-the-land-of-enchantment
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Yadora Major
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I had spent the earlier part of 2018 broke and in Vermont. While finding myself
  venturing into the so-called Land of Enchantment during early November I thought,
  "It cannot get any worse than this, and Could it have gotten worse?" I was sitting
  in an about forty dollars a night hotel. It was small. A brown and blue duvet laid
  across the king sized bed. Its only opulence was the wooden head board. It was also
  dank. Which meant that the white sheet and comforter set did as much comforting
  (and sheeting) as their namesakes suggested. The episode on the flat screen television
  did much to whet my appetite for enchantment Which meant not much at all.

  Just a couple of days before my arrival there I had left a job in Vermont. My summers
  were spent in a lovely daze in part because I was visually enticed by a friend who
  I had shared a four years age difference with. Our first encounter was in mid-July.
  I was a little late for a meeting with my hiring manager, and disheveled. He had
  spoken to me to murmur a slight, "hello", and I thought nothing more of it. He was
  far too handsome to continue the conversation with. In my mind if I had spoken less
  to him then the next sixteen weeks would go by easily. Against my better judgement
  though I carried on to ask about his age. He told me, and with a slack jaw gave
  him my response. I had gotten off a flight less than twenty four hours before. Besides
  he was irresistible to talk to. That would be our relationship throughout the summer.
  We would find amazement, and amusement in the hills of Vermont. The National Parks
  of middle New York as well. He took to leaving Vermont before I did though. My enchanter
  had found employment elsewhere in Vermont. He needed time to recharge. Our long
  hours of driving up and down the east coast for conservation were weighing on him.
  Our hours in Manchester, Vermont became too boorish to reminisce on another day.
  My enchanter became nothing more than a figment lost in a last hug. The comrodery
  that we shared etched into the blood, sweat, and rest drained trails. To only be
  remembered by us.

  I sat in my hotel room disinterested in the episodes on television. For some reason
  ratchet was not my forte for the night. It had always made me feel normal though.
  Not dwelling on that thought, concurrently my mind drifted again. That time to my
  last day of work. It was the day of my departure from Vermont. I had mistakenly
  booked my ticket for the day prior a week or so before.  I had thought that the
  ticket agent would change my ticket. He instead said, "No." Albeit the company website
  stated that he could change my ticket within twenty four hours of my departure.
  I felt adequately so a victim of Frauds and Swindles. No amount of arguementation
  was going to help my case either. I was set to spend an extra night in Burlington,
  Vermont. I took the loss, scraped my pennies together and started my search for
  a hotel. I had saved money, but certainly not that much. Nevertheless my hotel options
  were limited. I did not think about the option of an independent hotel service because
  my last experience was less than adequate. It consisted of a small New York flat,
  a white cot, and Foster Avenue. That was not even the bad part, however. The land
  lord took the pleasure in touching me in the night time. That meant that he took
  my hand, slid it down my pants, and lifted it up to see if I was a male. The next
  night he took to making up for the scenario by asking if I was hot as if he was
  coming on to me. An independent hotel was out of the question  for a while. The
  three cheapest hotels ranges from 80 to 100 dollars per night minus taxes. I chose
  the cheapest. My car servicing prices would compensate for the city''s pecuniary
  loss on the luxury hotel.'
