Title: Irreplaceable Art
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/irreplaceable-art
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Laura Scrimenti
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Across the country and across the Atlantic, a little town called Trentino nestles
  in northern Italy, where an opera festival brings booming business into the town
  and its neighbors every summer in July. Hiking, swimming, drinking latti...whatever
  one wishes to do in one's free time, Trentino has it. Only 2 hours from Venice,
  4 from Verona, in the mountains is the perfect destination for artists to study,
  learn, and perform one of the world's oldest professions while still enjoying a
  summer in Italy. The festival is a valuable one, but would it be so helpful for
  young artists were it not for the one of the most gorgeous surroundings found in
  the mountains? If they were in a hovel, rather than a quaint and open hotel, where
  singing "O sole mio" is still acceptable at midnight, would they learn so easily?
  Probably not, which is why the river flowing across the park in the center of town
  is such a popular spot to study one's music. 100 degree weather is not so bad when
  there is a water fountain gushing with crisp, clear mountain water every few yards,
  free for the taking. The locals are beyond exhilarated that the singers are there.
  The singers are awed with the peace that the natural air of the town brings. Trentino
  takes one back to the world where operas were composed, where Mozart imagined The
  Magic Flute, with its otherworldly setting and extraordinary characters. Strolling
  through the park reminds one of A Midsummer Night's Dream where if one looks behind
  a tree, one might find Titania and Oberon, fighting while Puck giggles in the background.
  Take a walk down where the river flows with a little more strength, and the ice-cold
  waist-level water is a perfect way to wake oneself up on a hot, lazy afternoon.
  In the opposite direction, closer to the mountains where anyone can skydive for
  100 euros, a warmly-lit Italian restaurant sits near the river. It's a romantic
  place to walk, before heading to the donkey race in the neighboring town. Once one
  heads back into town, there are many busy restaurants and gelato shops to choose
  from, along with specialty shops for stationery, trinkets, and most importantly
  in Italy, bread and wine. In America, if one goes to a restaurant, one will get
  tap water, bread that may have been sitting out all day, and a glass of house wine
  that would practically work as a stain remover. In Trentino, sparkling water, a
  house wine that will make one's day, and bread that was blatantly just pulled out
  of the oven are the basic protocol at even the tiniest restaurant. Trentino is not
  just a tourist destination, or the site of one of the most popular opera festivals
  for young singers, it's a reminder that the world is still the same as it always
  was, as long as one looks in the right places. To be in Trentino is to travel back
  to a simpler time, where everyone can and does feel the music.
