Title: Island Hopping Every Day is an Oli Day Style
DateModified: '2019-02-08'
DatePublished: '2019-02-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/island-hopping-every-day-is-an-oli-day-style
SetInCountry: French Polynesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Oliver Boffi
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I landed in Tahiti with the intention of immigrating to French Polynesia. I
  really had no idea where I would end up or exactly where I would go first but I
  had always dreamt of the south pacific. I wanted to experience firsthand traditional
  culture. I found some of the last remnants of aboriginal people living as close
  as possible as one could expect a traditional way life. The culture I was immersed
  in was unlike any other. I found out that if I helped out a little onboard merchant
  marine ships making stops to numerous tropical Islands to unload/load supplies,
  vital goods, luxury items and to some vital necessities. I managed to see and experience
  things that were so off the beaten path I would be hard pressed to put it in 700
  words or less but I'll try. After leaving Tahiti my first stop was the Island of
  Moorea which was amazing but really just a weeklong warm up of getting acclimated
  and absorbing local customs. I befriended some very talented dancers and participated
  in some of their rehearsals.  It was kind of a tease for me because while I was
  in awe of these people it was with a little sadness to see them venture off to Tahiti
  to perform for all the tourists these dance moves that told a story about a way
  of life that seemed all but lost in large part to the destruction of the natural
  environment. I was in search of people who were still able to live within such a
  fragile balance of old versus new so I decided right then and there to hop the first
  ship out of Tahit. I got to experience the Tuomotus  and then the Marquesas. I drank
  dolphin sperm and was nearly eaten by sharks. I jumped off cliffs into the most
  dazzling blue water I have ever seen, found seclued white sand beachs that were
  like the best kept secrets one could imagine. It got a little dangerous, I got banged
  up pretty good but I survived and reluctantly had to return back home after several
  months feeling exhilerated, dissapointed, defeated and completely worn out from
  my injuries and the insects that had laid their larvae inside my extremely scorched
  skin. I made sunburn and sunpoisoning look like an understatement. I befriended
  a Chief and met some of the most incredible, intense and mysterious human beings
  I have ever met. There are some aspects of my adventure that I have written about
  that when repeated to friends and family illicit a response filled with gasps and
  disbelief. I did everything with an extremely tight budget and took risks so foolish
  that I learned the hard way how not to behave on my next go around Island hopping
  in the Caribbean and Central America. Nonetheless the lessons I learned would prove
  invaluable to me later in life. I have often pondered submitted all the juicy details
  of this epic adventure I undertook to the Islands of Fatu Hiva, Nuku Hiva and Hiva
  Oa for I doubt to this day anyone has had a similar experience or ventured into
  areas that I have which are still not really encouraging tourists to visit, especially
  those who do not arrive via private yacht but with long hair, tie die t-shirt, backpack
  and wide eyes and an inquisitive nature. I wanted to assimilate and learned alot
  about a people that may in fact be better off not being so publicized for fear that
  massive throngs of tourists will ruin their beautiful, glorious and fascinating
  way of life. Along with the destruction of the natural habit goes the dissappearance
  of a unique culture the likes of with the artist Paul Gauguin tried to depict in
  his many paintings. I have to say that the most exciting, colorful and shocking
  times for me occured on the same Island that he died on and without going into too
  much detail could have been final resting place as well despite the kindness, generosity
  and warm welcome I received.  Its jungles are not like ones I've seen in Costa Rica,
  they are from ancient times and invoke images of when dinosaurs roamed the planet.
