Title: It begins with myself
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/it-begins-with-myself
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Caterina Siciliano
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I want to live. I want to write. I want to travel. I would like to do a lo
  of things in my life. I love life but sometimes I feel too much little in this world.
  There are times I feel invincible, as I could break the world, travel alone or with
  people who pursuit the same interest: reach every horizon. Yes, I''m an hopeless
  romantic, I believe in love, first of all of myself and sometimes, like a rollercoaster,
  is difficult believe in my abilities, even if I''m conscious of my passion, sometimes
  I feel as this wasn''t enough. To live in this world you need to show your claws.
  I''m 20 years old and I learn every day things to develop my personality and my
  big little world. I would like to have literally the world in my hands and this
  isn''t obviously possible. I discover places, words from songs or books and I would
  write everything it comes to my mind down, to see my world not only in my mind but
  also on paper. Another way I use to express myself is by photographing. I''m not
  a professional, I''m a beginner, in every things I do, but I love details and I
  challenge myself in seeing different perspective of the world. I had the opportunity
  of travel in some places in Europe, as Spain, Ireland, Russia and Portugal (only
  Lisbon and it would be fantastic be back there and in other places in Portugal!).
  I have this fascinating passion for the international and cosmopolitism. My rute
  until now (currently I study at the Ca'' Foscari University in Venice, in Italy)
  has been touched by languages: English, Spanish and Russian. I love them all, from
  the sound to the literature and obviously being in some places helped me a lot to
  fit in the real world. In this cases, when I have to write a story, I begin always
  with myself, because my person is the point from which I leave, literally, with
  fantasy and my fantasy creates world only I can imagine. Usually I write poems,
  with different metric rules and I wrote and published a little collection of poems
  in Italian and in English, but I haven''t time of spread my project to lots of people
  yet. In the midtime I have many ideas for my future but as always is all in my mind.
  So, my wish as an inspirational trip is to experience new opportunities and I think
  your proposal fit with my interest of connecting travelling with transformating
  my passion of writing in a real job. It could be the opportunity in which I realize
  my dreams, and I love jumping into something unknown.'
