Title: It&#39;s Taiwan, After All
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/it-s-taiwan-after-all
SetInCountry: Taiwan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Julia Luterek
AuthorCountry: Poland
Text: 'The sharp light of a flashlight hits my eyes through closed eyelids. I try
  to sit up in panic, tangled in my sleeping bag, unable to recall where I am. Two
  voices are whispering excitedly. My heart is pounding, but in the background I can
  also hear the unmistakeable sound of the ocean. I need to collect my thoughts. We
  were sleeping in public. If this is the police, we are probably screwed. What do
  we do? OK, I need to calm down. It''s going to be alright. After all, we are in
  Taiwan.


  The man proceeds to switch the flashlight off and address us directly in broken
  English. He wants to know if we need help. He and his wife discovered us sleeping
  on the beach without a tent, became worried and decided to check on us. Luckily
  he brought his flashlight, as he always does. Do we want some betel? And aren''t
  we afraid of sand flies?


  No, we aren''t afraid of sand flies. To be honest, in Taiwan I''m not afraid of
  anything. Sleeping on the beach doesn''t scare me. Riding a scooter through the
  mountains at night in the pouring rain doesn''t scare me. Eating stinky tofu doesn''t
  scare me. And most of all, interactions with strangers don''t scare me, because
  the Taiwanese are the friendliest people I have ever met. Oh, and those red stains
  on the sand? No, it''s not blood, it''s betel juice. The guy spits one more time,
  compliments our Chinese, waves us goodbye and walks away with his wife. Cue the
  sunrise.


  We start the day with a bath in the ocean and a hefty breakfast in Kenting. Then
  it is time to retrieve our missing tent. Excited and amazed by the beauty of the
  Taroko National Park we simply forgot about it and left it at the Hualien train
  station the day before. We talked to the staff on the phone and they promised to
  send it to us by another train, free of charge. They also apologized for the wait.
  At first I thought they were being sarcastic, but they weren''t.


  After some deliberations, we set the tent up between some prickly pineapple bushes,
  farther away from the water and off the beaten track. Hopefully that will keep random
  worried people from checking on us. Now that we have our tent back, we leave our
  belongings inside and go for a ride along the shore. On our way back we decide to
  check out the night market in Kenting. As we are enjoying some grilled corn, clouds
  start closing in and it''s easy to tell that a storm is brewing. It''s time to call
  it a night and drive back to the beach.


  By the time we get to our tent, it''s completely dark. Upon inspection we discover
  that all of our things are still inside. Yes, there are some footprints around that
  aren''t ours, but nobody has touched our stuff. We crawl inside, slightly anxious,
  because the wind is getting stronger. Our poor tent is shaking and flapping. I have
  trouble falling asleep because of the wind howling... But there is also another
  distinctive sound that I can hear right next to my head. Sniffing. Is it really
  sniffing? I decide to peek outside. Oh, it''s just a guy walking his dog. Yes, we
  are okay, thank you. Yes, we know that it''s probably going to rain tonight.


  Only it doesn''t. We wake up to a perfectly clear sky. Our tent didn''t get blown
  away or flooded, nobody stole our backpacks and our scooter is still waiting for
  us by the beach, just where we left it. We are in Taiwan, after all.'
