Title: Its nothing about to live. Its life to travel.
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/its-nothing-about-to-live-its-life-to-travel
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Vinay Kumar  Goud
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Its a place like all through the world. There should be so many different cultures
  and different people lives through the world. By  the travelling only we meet the
  people and we learn from them so make to travel and make to meet the different places
  and learn by seeing the different nature places and natural made things on earth.
  By travelling the states only we see the such things different from our state and
  by travelling to the other country we may learn different and its seems to be some
  a variety of the place and its new to us . And we should be surprised to see and
  anxiety of the things that we see the things of what we don't known about the things
  of what we don't have and what they have with them and the food is also one of the
  good one that is different from the states and the its too different from the countries
  of the food it should be delicious and spicy and good taste. So to known about the
  things and the behaviour, attitude, and the respect of the peoples live in the different
  places and the way of the look also Different and the slang is also different and
  the peoples way of living is also different from the state to  countries living
  in the people and its the time to live the life. The life should be different to
  live and its not should be routine to live like the all the people they live. Its
  the choice to live the life of our wish to live life happy by spending with the
  different aged people and different people to share the feelings and thoughts. The
  way to talk the people's of unknown people with out knowing the persons and how
  they feel to interact with us.Its too bad to face this who they react to us its
  a one big tension inner feeling say not to talk they may behave rude to us such
  a bad situation to act. All the kind of people live in a such a different places
  and all the types of peoples we see through the travel so travel makes to reach
  the destination of the various of the people way of they live and its make us to
  live and get proud and hobby to travel and make people to contact and the circle
  to circulate the dealing through the peoples. They make us to learn the different
  way to live life like a free bird. The jungle of the animals show us to live like
  a king as a self being to  live a life. The way that the jungle shows us to live
  is the life to live a life like a humans to live on the earth. The traveling is
  to known the things of the different places we live to make to learn the different
  of the things and the different done by them to use the things and to be used. How
  they have lived and what they teach us to learn the things and the relationships
  is the bond between the person to person is called relation . The travel to move
  the different of the peoples stay to get to know the peoples. The travel is the
  way to travel whole the places to travel the world of the people and the cultures
  of the different places and the traditional look by the different people and the
  people of the different languages used by the people and the people wish to make
  the different of the different people. The people different dresses dressed by the
  people stays in the different areas and the different cultures used by the people
  to identify the peoples by the dressed by them and by the language talked by the
  people. The people all struggles for the food to eat and nothing the to live is
  worthless life living by them of the people those who do nothing of the people.
  So the people's of the different living and the life to be lived in a such life
  is called the traveller. This statea the people hard to travel the world
