Title: Jesus, Mohammed and Moses Walk Into a Bar
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/jesus-mohammed-and-moses-walk-into-a-bar
SetInCountry: Georgia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Jacob Janek
AuthorCountry: Czech Republic
Text: No, sadly, it is not a joke. It is actually a kind of interesting reality I
  hadn't really foreseen when I had arrived in the Caucasus. Although it has existed
  for thousands of years, most people in the West have no idea Georgia exists. At
  most, people know about its wine, mountains and the Russian annexation of two of
  its territories in 2008. I'll admit, I didn't know much when I stepped off the plane
  into a cold February evening in 2017 at Tbilisi Airport, along with my university
  professor and eight other classmates. For two weeks, I spent my time attending various
  meetings and discovering the tastes and sounds of the capital, all accompanied by
  incessant haggling with taxi drivers about whether the ride would cost 4 or 5 Lari
  ($2 US). There were so many new things that I saw in those two weeks and the bonds
  that were created in that time are still very strong among myself and the other
  classmates. After trying Georgian cuisine and falling in love with Chachapuri, a
  pizza-like food where the cheese is so hot that it cooks a a raw egg placed on top,
  we spent much of our time exploring the streets of the capital, which interestingly
  enough, is fitted with a free (almost) city-wide WiFi network. Like many cities
  in the post-Soviet sphere, Tbilisi is an eclectic mix of Soviet pre-fabricated apartment
  buildings along with a beautiful historic city centre surrounding the Kura River.
  Because of its central location in Georgia, we were informed by our guides that
  Tbilisi had been invaded and burned to the ground over a dozen times in its history
  and that the city we saw today was just temporary facade before the next changes
  in geopolitics, demography, economy or culture would change it again. In Georgia,
  and especially in Tbilisi, one could truly sense how time moves and has moved in
  the past. In one day, one could take the Soviet-era metro and ride a bus sponsored
  by the European Union, one could visit an outdoor market and buy a collection of
  handmade jewellery and later cool down at the city's pride and joy, the only McDonald's
  restaurant in all of Georgia. Amongst crumbling buildings high above the city, sits
  the Presidential Palace, a massive building topped off with a glass dome, staring
  directly across the city at Sameba, the opulent and beautifully golden-domed Cathedral
  of the Holy Trinity, where the Georgian Orthodox Church has its seat. Both buildings,
  standing on opposite hills look like the standard bearers of Georgia's Christian
  past as a country at the crossroads of religions, empires and cultures. In between
  these buildings, however, crossing the Kura River and topped with the twelve yellow
  stars of the European Union, is the Bridge of Peace, an ultramodern homage to the
  country's ambitions and hopes to join the EU in the future. Personally, my favourite
  discovery was of a little area not far from the city's famous Sulphur Baths and
  in the shadow of the ancient Narikala fortress. Within a few side streets, the true
  history of Georgia and Tbilisi speaks. A Catholic church, both Armenian and Georgian
  Orthodox churches, a synagogue, a Zoroastrian temple and a mosque are all located
  close to each other, within walking distance. For me, this was history coming to
  life. Despite centuries of warfare, destruction and chaos, people have always had
  to find a way to survive and live. In such times, one counts on the humanity of
  others for survival. These places of worship withstood the test of time in such
  close proximity because living in hard times means not seeing others as threats
  because of their religion, but as human beings. So in the end, somewhere in a restaurant
  serving sizzling Chachapuri and delicious Saperavi red wine, Georgians of all different
  religions sit together and eat, honouring a time bound tradition of staying together
  in good times and bad times. Gaumarjos! they toast, to each other, to their families,
  to Georgia. Outside, the Kura River silently flows as its always done, oblivious
  to the trials and happiness of those who live, eat and worship just next door.
