Title: Joback
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/joback
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Lizwi  Gumede
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'Born in a village from KwaZulu-Natal, Lizwi and Siyabonga Gumede wanted to
  explore all the corners of the world. Ever since they started high school they started
  saving for their trip around the world. After their graduation from Durban University
  of Technology they sat down and count all their earnings and their savings. They
  then discussed that they need to start somewhere close, somewhere they have never
  been ''Joburg'' they both said. Having R3000 each they took a plan for the first
  time, they were excited about flying, the air brezzing as the plane smoothly thrust
  into an open wind and touched the sand of Johannesburg.


  "Where should we live?" asks Lizwi. "How about Soweto? I head they have a beautiful
  township and lot of people are talking about it in television" Siyabonga replied.
  They got into the taxi rank and took a taxi to Soweto, Protea Glen. When they get
  there, everyone was mean, most people didn''t even speak IsiZulu which is their
  home language. After a month in that horrific they decide to go back to the city,
  maybe they''ll find a job and live there until they have enough cash to start traveling.


  The city of Johannesburg, tall buildings, terrible smell of Hillbrow, and on the
  other side of the city there are clean streets and civilized people. The boys only
  had cash to pay for the rent so, there they are in the streets of Braamfontein trying
  to find the affordable flat to rent. Every space available was more than they can
  afford. They went to Hillbrow though Siyabonga was scared of that place but they
  had no choice; live in Hillbrow or go home.


  The place was smelly, dirty streets with lot of street kids and orphans living in
  the sidewalk. Foreigners running from the Police, People throwing bathwater out
  of their windows, it was a madhouse. They got a cheap room but still, they didnt
  have food. They started calling home for help, and they applied online, door to
  door and they even spoke to hiring agents but they couldn''t find anything. Siyabonga
  got sick, when he went to the hospitals they couldn''t find anything, he got worse
  each and every day. Their landlord was also a witch doctor so she told him what
  is affecting him, and also he had to go home and fix the problem with his ancestors.
  Came month end they didn''t have money to eat for almost a week, they sent a please
  home and they asked their parents to wire them money to go back home.


  The money they got home was not enough for them to get an airplane, not even a bus,
  so they had to ride a train back home. They bought their tickets and while Siyabonga
  was buying tickets Lizwi was mugged they took his phone, his clothes in his backpack.
  They then decided not to come back to this filthy place, they took a train and got
  home. They then focused on finding local jobs and feed their families and forget
  about traveling. Their dream died while they drift their passion for traveling into
  working permanently.


  The End.'
