Title: 'Journey from teaching to traveling '
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/journey-from-teaching-to-traveling
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Shilpa Oberoi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: For me in my childhood teaching was the last thing I wanted to get into and
  nothing has changed much at the age of 28. The best thing in this profession is
  vacation and when I realised it I planned a trip with my friends as a school trip
  to be told to my parents as there were constraints. As much as you stretch the elastic
  band backwards it moves forward with the same inertia. I started traveling at the
  age of 25. Learning that travel makes us grow I developed a passion for it eventually.
  Now aiming to travel once in every quarter of the year and with a bucket list, I
  earn to travel merely. I love to ride bikes feeling the wind watching the nature
  do all the talking looking at high and low tides gazing at the stars sun being accompanied
  by the moon sun rise and sun set being caged by the mountains fondling the cats
  meeting new people from different domains exploring gaining is what I crave for.
  For the reason I choose to stay in hostels rather than in hotels. But what happens
  in a particular place stays in that particular place. You don't carry any baggage
  with you on a round trip. When I know I don't have to go back home the same night
  I won't be answerable to anybody for anything I just do what I want that moment
  that brings me happiness. Travel does wonders to you making you understand the loop
  of existence better. The time you are stuck somewhere alone you know you can rely
  on just yourself and no one else. Getting out of it signifies you can sustain yourself
  and there your karma pays you off. At this age, my parents looking for a groom for
  me and I'm like hey I don't want you to put a ring on my finger I want you to ask
  me if I would like to experience northern lights with you or chill in las palmas
  or be stuck in the middle of the road & be helped by a stranger or play I have never
  ever with people sitting in the hall area of a hostel or ride Pegasus while you
  capturing views as the pillion or wait! Why do I need you? When I can drink all
  night play with cats while I wait for the sunrise if I can just think about managing
  plastic on seashore at 1 if I can just stay happy by my own.
