Title: 'Journeys of the Coterie: Committed Travels'
DateModified: '2019-02-08'
DatePublished: '2019-02-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/journeys-of-the-coterie-committed-travels
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Jason Maynard
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'In 1993, I and my five best friends from college took a road trip. It was to
  celebrate the first of our group to get married and, to be honest, nothing spectacular
  happened on the trip. But that original Men''s Trip, as we called it, became an
  annual tradition. We have continued the Men''s Trip every single year without fail,
  though this has proved difficult. Ten years after that first journey, one of our
  group, Greg, underwent brain surgery to remove a cancerous tumor. We still gathered
  later that same year after he was healthy enough to travel. The Men''s Trip would
  not be denied.


  Our destinations have been varied and full of memories and camaraderie. Wives understand
  that we carve out this time once a year for the trip. Children refer to the other
  members of the Coterie as Uncle, despite there being no blood relations between
  us. However, several of us might say we are closer to each other than we are to
  our siblings.


  When the brain tumor returned in late 2009, Greg started treatment again. It soon
  became clear there was no surgical option left. The tumor would eventually take
  Greg''s life.


  The water reflected the warm sun, sparkling like a magnificent broken mirror, sending
  a million miniature bursts of light rippling off the surface. This is a specific
  memory I have of the scene in 2010 at a lake a few hours away from Greg''s home.
  We were all floating in the water, with Greg trussed up in multiple life jackets
  since his left arm and leg were weakened from the tumor. Aside from that, everything
  was normal. Jokes wafted across the water, smiles were smeared on all our faces,
  and life--for a moment--seemed good and simple. I like to think about that moment
  often.


  Our travels have taken us to states some of us had never visited before. We tried
  new things like staying on a houseboat on Lake Powell. There''s been planes and
  trains, as well as rented Harleys and the aforementioned houseboats. We''ve attended
  big football games and rained out baseball matches. We''ve met many people along
  the way: many have been great, but all have been surprised by what we were doing,
  or how long we''ve been doing it. I like to think we''ve inspired others to stay
  connected to old friends.


  This year will be our 27th consecutive Men''s Trip, and the sixth without Greg.
  We always remember him with a special tribute each trip. We also recall his special
  outgoing personality that helped shape our Men''s Trip philosophy to get together
  no matter what, to push ourselves out of our comfort zones. So later this year,
  we will gather from our various home cities across the country to visit someplace
  new, swap old stories and catch up with each other. This is not your typical travel
  tale, but it is a very important one.'
