Title: JUMPING INTO ABANDON
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/jumping-into-abandon
SetInCountry: Malta
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nishta  Mital
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: The beautiful Mediterranean stretched out against the backdrop of world class
  architecture, kind people and locally brewed beer cheaper than bottled water! What
  else could you possibly want from a holiday?  In 2018 I visited the tiny country
  of Malta with my 3 best friends. Being a university student the place was edgy and
  beautiful enough for the 'soul searching' Instagram pictures and had an amazing
  yet cheap party scene. We were living in a hostel and set off each day exploring
  the island's scenic locales like places where GOT was shot in M'Dina, swimming in
  the lagoons and grottos, visiting fishing villages where we feasted on local produce,
  being blown away by prehistoric temples. We did it all. We even did one of those
  sightseeing bus tours to behave like proper tourists since we were convinced that
  we could see every part of this country. Setting off early mornings we'd come back
  to our rooms by early evenings and then set off again to party. We were behaving
  like we'd been set free after being subjected to ages of torture and trauma which
  to be fair is precisely what university life is.  Coming to the last day we were
  all having oodles of fun but we were utterly exhausted and realised that while our
  Instagrams had plenty of 'soaking in the culture and sun' pictures we hadn't actually
  enjoyed the place together as friends who wouldn't be able to see each other for
  nearly a year after this holiday since we were either going for placement years
  pr year abroad next year and not coming back for 3rd year of uni. The realisation
  came a bit in the end when the 'burn out' started. The bus dropped us back to Sliema
  where we were staying after an hour's journey to the Blue Grotto. We'd thoroughly
  enjoyed the scenery but were hoping to swim in the grotto too but unfortunately
  tourists weren't allowed to swim due to some maintenance work. We were tired and
  a bit disappointed. The feeling that our amazing holiday was coming to an end was
  creeping up and the dread that it were our last few hours together before not seeing
  each other for almost a year was just not helping with our mood. We'd worn our swimming
  costumes underneath our clothes in anticipation of swimming in the grotto but now
  we were slowly dredging along, tired, back to our rooms. This is when I heard a
  huge splash. Following the splash sounds my eyes suddenly found a bunch of young
  children just jumping into the inlet of water from a high ledge. At first I panicked
  but then saw barriers and adults accompanying them. I was so tempted to just jump
  Ito the water in the middle of nowhere but the ledge was very high above. I looked
  at my friend but found her already staring at the children. Her eyes then slowly
  moved to me and we instantly knew we were jumping. She grabbed my hand and I called
  out to our other two friends. We ran to the water, towards the ledge like our life
  depended on it and when we reached the ledge my friend just told me to keep running
  and jump straight and not even think about it. I let her hold my hand and closed
  my eyes and in we jumped. My heart dropped to my stomach but in a second I was engulfed
  in cold refreshing water. I opened my eyes and the view was absolutely stunning.
  My friends were paddling away close by and we all burst out into a mix of exhilarating
  laughter and crying. All the tiredness, dread and disappointment just seemed to
  being sucked away by the water. Now that we'd jumped once, we did it again and again
  and each time it was more surreal than the first. We later found a Nutella ice-cream
  vendor selling huge scoops of ice cream for 2 euros. We sat on the ledge and ate
  the best ice-cream in the whole, looking at the sun go down. We must have sat there
  for hours, not talking too much just being grateful for this holiday and each other.
