Title: '&#127796;Just Nature&#127796;'
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/just-nature
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rishika Gupta
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'AGATTI ISLAND


  HARD TO BELIEVE but yes, an Indian Airport is included in the 10 most riskiest landing
  zones of the world: Agatti Island of Lakshadweep.


  Constantly up for a potential Ocean, the 4,000-foot-long Agatti Airport is so random
  and petite that it could pass off as a piece of a larger runway lost at sea. The
  airport is the only one in Lakshadweep.


  Some facts to know before you decide to explore it:

  1. Not a full size aircraft but, there are some specially designed-smaller aircrafts
  (only) with a seating capacity of uptil 50 people which can be landed there.

  2. You might not be able to see any piece of land even 10 seconds before landing.

  3. There is no passage trolley/buses or carriers for you to step down. As soon as
  you get out of the aircraft, you see an abandoned piece of land and yes, thats the
  airport for you.

  4. As a waiting area/lounge/even Airport, you see a small room with 2-3 TV Screens
  and an old deserted baggage belt just a few steps away from your aircraft. Needless
  to say, you walk towards it.

  5. There are no roads/taxi/ cabs to take you to your hotel/ resort. The whole island
  is so small that it consists of only 2 resorts, a room-called Airport and a piece
  of land (equivalent to a theatre stage) called runway.

  6. The next step is ofcourse to walk towards your resort which is just at the back
  of the airport.

  7. The resort has very less of/no vegetarian food (unless ofcourse, you take charge
  of your own cooking).

  8. The rooms in the resort have Dutch (double hung) doors. The reason behind that
  is- a constant fear of another TSUNAMI since this island is situated on a danger
  zone. "Full/normal doors might get blocked incase of a flood"-as quoted by the Resort
  Manager.

  9. Last but not the least-if you want to watch TV, you will have to walk through
  the island towards the resort''s reception to find something called a box T.V.

  Warning: Strangely, none of the mobile carriers except "BSNL" work anywhere on the
  island. So make sure, you either inform your peers about your trip or carry a BSNL
  sim card with you there.

  Happy Holidaying!!'
