Title: 'Kashi: the heart of india'
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/kashi-the-heart-of-india
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ritesh  Raj
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Kashi is the heart of india. Kashi is also known as varanasi . There are many
  ghats inside ganga river. In hindi religion when people die they go to kashi for
  their last journey of life. By history of ancients culture kashi is older than others
  country.hindu religion we worship Lord shiv. When he came to earth from that's life
  kashi exists. We know kashi is stand by trishul(the thing that we can fight to other).
  In varanasi many people from outside country come every every year. Kashi is also
  known for music hub of classical music. Many foreigners tourist live in kashi..
  Because they love kashi after coming here. Assi ghat is the best place for peaceful
  moment.after that one ghat beside assi ghat is Harishndra ghat where people funeral
  after death. Many people come here for worship. Kashi is the heart of holy people..
  Many Europeans came here to learn music and looking beautiful view from ganga river.
  Every day all ghats celebrate ganga arti about worship of mother ganga.. I'm hindu
  religion we believe that ganga river is our mother. Hindu religion is older than
  other religion. Many people believe that when  you work wrong to other you will
  also get wrong in your life. So people should do nice to people and happy to people.
  Because when we die only our thoughts will be remembered. In the world religions
  are different but we are human beings. We should respect human beings. Now a days
  people hate to others people. But they don't know why? We have one nice things sence
  of humor. In India many people believed that if you will do nice work then god will
  do nice to you. Don't do bad work for any people so that our most quality of work
  is help to others people. In the world many people is below  poverty line. In India
  also may people have  no work. In the world it's human nature if they have not food
  then their maind change about bad work. So every government should give job to people
  and food. In varanasi people do their work respect fully and every people have different
  profession. So their work also different and when they are come to any point their
  respective work will be same. Indian people have nice feeling about humanity. We
  are here because of our work now a days technology development is the key of doing
  many different work for the world. We can do nice work for the world. Every people
  have different thought about different prosperity. And about human nature we also
  known about its idea of doing work. In kashi people have different types of work
  mant holy people do their job about worship god.  Every god have different history
  and different value. In kashi people worship many god like Lord shiva, hanuman ji,
  kal bhairav, ganesh ji, parvati ji, many gods there and ganga is a river but in
  hundu religion  people let her mother ganga. Many people around the world coming
  here to look ing ancient picture of hindu religion. Many religion living here in
  kashi. Every year in kashi celebrate dev diwali that day every ghat is full of light.
  And peolo coming for looking beautiful moments. And there people really happy. About
  their work. Many people beggar here. Every ghat have different value. One Marnakrinka
  ghat here also people come when they die for funeral. So kashi is the different
  than other city. Hindu heart is kashi. Kashi have big history about its religious
  value. And there people are very respective. And there many oldest history about
  the things. Every colony has different god. They can have very respect about world.
  There holy people have idea about ancient cultures to describe about history. And
  their people have also to discuss the moment of respect to others people. In hindu
  religion people believe that the world has one things like human. In India people
  have different nature than others so that our belive that every people should respect
  others. In the world religion are  different but human beings are same. So we should
  respect human beings. Thank you.
