Title: Kenya Yetu Hakuna Matata
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/kenya-yetu-hakuna-matata
SetInCountry: Kenya
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Marwa Al Waeal
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: Travelling has always been something that has fascinated me from a young age,
  however, I grew up in a low-income family so Toronto is what I had seen consistently
  for 18 years, that is until I went to university. There was an opportunity at my
  school to travel abroad at an inexpensive cost. I attended the general meeting with
  my best friend, to simply learn a little more about the program. When it was time
  to start exploring the website of current programs, after signing up, immediately
  I knew I wanted to go to Africa, I had to go to Africa. I picked a local development
  project in the Kibera slums of Kenya, the second biggest slum in the entire world.
  Along with traveling, I was really at a point in my life where I was trying to figure
  out what life was really about, university, and specifically, my international development
  courses at the time had seriously impacted my vision, I was starting to see the
  world differently. I was starting to question everyone existence, I was starting
  to ask the big forbidden question, "Why?" I've been to Kenya a few days now, I have
  fallen in love with the country so quickly, its people, its culture, its beauty.
  My boss at my project was named Marta, she came from Portugal to Kenya on a trip
  just like mine, but she couldn't go back home, she too had also fallen in deep love
  with Kenya, and that is how "From Kibera with Love" started, an afterschool program
  for children to build on their skills from school, 72 children, each child different,
  each child so special, each child from Kibera. The first time I went to Kibera,
  I was truly shocked, is this really where my happy playful 4-year-old Abigail lived?
  Is this where the kindest sweetest 5-year-old Florence lived? Is there where the
  smartest 4-year-old Mercy lived? Mercy, pronounced "maci" was a ray of sunshine,
  always so giggly, always so happy, and very intelligent. Unmentioned, landing in
  Kenya I was still eating meat, but Mercy changed my life. Going to university, gave
  me a deep understanding of global inequality and global hunger. I didn't pick to
  be born in a developed country with a roof over my head, clothes on my body, and
  food on my plate. The same way Mercy didn't pick to be born into a slum, to wear
  second-hand clothes all her life, to not be certain of her next meal. It was a Wednesday,
  I was about three weeks into my trip, mercy had just come from school, super happy
  and bubbly, but something was different. Her eyes were red, swollen and puffy, everyone
  was trying to figure out why she was having this type of reaction. We found out
  later that it was an allergic reaction from meat. Meat in Kenya was expensive, a
  luxury if you will, so the kids rarely got to eat it. This truly broke my heart.
  Becoming a vegetarian has always been in the back of my head, especially after attending
  a seminar at my university on food insecurity. How it affects our climate, and how
  there's enough food to sustain every country. More "Why" questions entered my head
  as I saw Mercy constantly rubbing her eyes. That is how I became a vegetarian, almost
  a whole year strong since Kenya now. It has definitely not been easy, but so worth
  it, I want to dedicate my life to maximizing equality all over the world because
  if you really think about the answer to the "Why" question, it is just luck, so
  why isnt it my responsibility to do something about it. Kenya means no worries.
