Title: 'Lake having fairies '
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lake-having-fairies
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Fouzia  Sultana
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: Northern areas of Pakistan is part of heavens so beautiful and full of life.
  Always fascinated to pakistani as well as foriegn travellers. Student of final year
  of University life there was chance of visiting the marvrllous places of Khaber
  Pakhtoon khawa. One fine morning of july our journey started from Lahore. Four University
  buses were hired. Almost two hundred students of diffetent departments had started
  jouney. All were having juices and dry fruits nimko and such eatable items. Our
  first stay was fot Lunch at Mian Gee Hotel for tasty Lunch and lot of lassi,specially
  made of curd and milk. Students were having groups and wearing colourful dresses.
  Talking and laughing. We were having two to three students from Holland. They were
  having traditional dances in thr bus. Passing from Islamabad the hilly and safe
  Capital of Pakistan we reached White Palace at night in Swat. The valley of expensive
  and fragnant trees and snowy mountain. That was looking the part of any heavenly
  world. Delicious dinner was consist of mutton and almond. Still I feel the taste
  of that curry.. In one room four girls were allowed to live. At morning we started
  our journey to lake of Saifulmalook. Local people said that  on full moon fairies  came
  to take bath in the lake. Lake is present from centuries. We had not seen such beautiful
  place before. There a museum present which is having 2000 before used things if
  that era. We visited that Museum also. Lot of utensils and Bhuttas were there. Women
  used bangles were part of display. Seeing all theses places there was one place
  known as Thindiani which is the highest in the Pakistan. Too cold and beautiful
  place of the Asis full of mountains and green grass. Amazing look. Fresh Almond
  anf plum and cherries ate giving amazing and fresh look. Friends were thinking that
  record all in the mobile for sharing with friends and family.  Great achievement
  for all of us. In july when other areas of Pakistan are hot and Summer is unbearable
  then in Swat is too cold weather. Its reminder that our God is all giver and provider.
  Weather is so different in our Country. In the lake there was trout fish that is
  delicious in taste. It is prepared in differnt ways to eat. Rice are also made by
  cooks using dry fruits and vegetables.kebab are cooked on fire which gives a good
  aroma. We are luckey to have all type of Seasons and mountains, lakes, fields, deasert
  and sea. So diversity in nature. Proud of our country. We all friends enjoyed a
  lot. Stay was full of life and happy.. Great opportunity to see northern areas of
  Pakistan.
