Title: Lands of solitude
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lands-of-solitude
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Isabell Jacobson
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'After a good night''s sleep, I pay the few hundred pesos and start the long
  journey to Antofagasta. The whole way, I am under the impression that this is not
  a road well-travelled and as I climb higher onto the Andean plateau, I am struck
  by the immensity, vastness and total solitude of my incomparable surroundings. It
  is a sight for sore eyes, made all the more sore by the dusty road and growing tiredness.

  I become slightly concerned for the rental car, as it traces very old mountainous
  tracks with volcanoes in the distance. It is obvious from the views that the car,
  also an outsider, also needs to suffer this expanse of nature with its layers of
  prehistoric earth.

  On arrival, I head to the pre-booked hostel, Incahuasi, which, contrary to expectations,
  is locked and dark. I am not sure whether it is the sheer altitude or primal fear
  of being left out in the cold which takes over but I am left a little short of breath.
  After talking to a few locals, I head to the hostel supervisor''s house, who, as
  luck would have it, is in her clay home preparing food for her large family. She
  tells me that wifi is often down in these parts and that bookings are unreliable.
  She passes the keys to a very traditional room with old ornaments and a few visible
  cockroaches lurking. Despite their unwelcome presence, the place is inviting and
  I am grateful for anywhere indoors. I meet a pair of middle-aged travellers  from
  Rosario who flood my mind with endless possibilities for excursions in these parts.
  My somewhat limited, urban imagination just did not expect these worlds.

  The next morning, I am served a simple breakfast of French toast and marmalade and
  decide to face the volcano in the distance head-on and start my hike towards it.
  However, distances prove a lot further than my eyes reveal, so I head back for some
  lunch and a rest, wandering back through the plains, alongside llamas and vicunas,
  vowing to come back later that afternoon. I make a simple lunch with some products
  from the only small supermarket. It stocks very little, due to transportation issues
  and I swiftly reminded of the simplicity of this little village. Products that we
  Londoners take for granted like olive oil, fresh fruit and vegetables just simply
  don''t exist here. I settle for some tuna salad, some ''zapolla'', a type of courgette
  and some white rice, This basic meal, followed by some sneaky Aguila, argie chocolate,
  almost puts me to sleep like a lizard on the terrace overlooking the clay-coloured
  cordillera and the main square. I am at peace in the unknown, after spending months
  and months in the humdrum of porteno life in Buenos Aires. Solitude is what I asked
  for, solitude is most definitely what I got.

  Later on, I drive to the base of the volcano but it is difficult to reach, given
  the sea of hardened lava surrounding it. There is noone around; only those uninformed
  enough to trek to the base in searing heat. I make it halfway up the volcano and
  lie down on the rough, rocky slant, supported by my backpack and inhale my surroundings.
  Lands I have never even seen in photos rise up around me, lifting me towards the
  peak of the volcano. My feet are tired but my spirits high. I am on my very own
  safari, with no guides. The lava beneath me mixes with the echoing old bones of
  wild foxes that used to creep around these parts. This volcano is  the great mound,
  symbolic of death and destruction; a great reminder to the people of Antofagasta
  and beyond that we are forever at its bleak and dormant door.

  I descend on automatic, allowing the sound of my footsteps to carry me down. My
  weariness helps me forget my concern that my bottle of water is rapidly emptying
  and I carry on down this strange hill, grateful to have seen this day and to have
  been a part of its strange yet magical routines.'
