Title: Last stop, peace of mind
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/last-stop-peace-of-mind
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Pawan Tailor
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'It was the December of 2017, I was going through a bad phase in my life, I
  needed a break from my sad routine. I always dreamed of going Pushkar alone, finally
  I made a bold move and went there, the train journey, then the bus and finally reaching
  the hotel room felt surreal. It was evening, I took a bath and went out, it was
  dark there, I was worried someone might mug be, hence I came back.


  Next morning, I gathered my courage and went out, it was that moment that changed
  my life, i forgot all my troubles and was admiring the beauty of mountains, my feet
  felt so light, it felt like I was flying. I was just roaming aimlessly, the streets
  were beautiful, the crowd cheerful, the monkeys were jumping all around, the birds
  flying, the sand smelt amazing, if there''s heaven anywhere on earth, it was there
  only.


  I didn''t even realized and it was afternoon, the sun was shining hard, but the
  cold winds and sudden rush of joy made me feel like it was an evening, I was tired,
  I was hungry, but I still had so much energy, I wanted to stretch that moment forever.
  I looked around for places to eat, I found a garden restaurant. It is hard for a
  solo traveler to eat alone, it is costly and you can''t have much variety. I clicked
  pictures while the food was arriving, video called my family, the fresh breeze of
  air, the wooden chairs, the greenery, the surrounding public - a Chinese couple
  video calling their family, it was enough for me. I still remember the lunch I had
  that day, it was yummiest food I ever had, maybe it was the feeling of finally getting
  free from my bonds, breaking the taboo of solo travel, realizing that there is a
  lot more to see in the world, were the catalysts.


  It was then when I realized I need rest, I had a quick nap, I wanted to absorb whatever
  was happening to me, and sleeping was the best thing to do, I woke fresh and energetic
  in the evening and enjoyed the scenic beauty of Pushkar, I went to a few temples
  for the serenity and peaceful environment and I let that moment sink in. The bad
  phase was over, I was out of my depression, I needed no pills for that, all I needed
  was travelling and a trip to unknown. Nature has answers and cure to everything,
  it was like I have achieved ''Moksha''(Solace) in that moment.


  I was now ready for the top, the mountain, the place everyone visits when they come
  to Pushkar, I took an auto till the foothills, got my ticket for rope-way, and was
  standing in line to reach the top. The cabin arrived and it was soon in the air,
  it started shaking heavily when it reached in the middle, I have a fear of heights
  and I started praying to God, I promised that if i reach at the top safely, I would
  come back by stairs. It was the longest ride I felt, but I reached at the top, the
  view from top was breathtaking, I was lost in it, forgot all my worries and the
  trip was a success. As promised I returned by stairs and on the way back, I greeted
  with many people, a father carrying his little daughter, two poor kids who asked
  me for money by showing a magic trick, I gave them money, and clicked a selfie them.
  A funny thing that happened was the lights went out and the rope-way cabins were
  stuck in air for 15 minutes, I thanked God that I was on stairs otherwise, I would
  have been there too.


  I got down, was hungry, had pizza at one of the best places in town, it was bigger
  than I could eat, so I took the remaining home and gave to the staff, they were
  happy, I felt good. The journey started in doubt, but ended in confidence, a new
  hope, a new will to live, I found my peace of mind.'
