Title: Learning Opera in Germany
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/learning-opera-in-germany
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Julio Pitthan
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'In 2017 I was contemplated with 40% of an scholarship to study opera in Weimar
  / Germany, so I started to make everything to get the other 60% to go. I did crowdfounding,
  lyrical performance, received donation in real and euro, received money from enterprises
  and did ticket numbers of raffle to sell and give some recompenses. I goted the
  money necessary to travel and went to my first time in Europe. My connection was
  in Africa because I traveled with Ethyopian Airlines. The airport there was some
  confuse and I almost lost my flight to Frankfurt because they changed the gate and
  don''t communicated us. My luck was my proactivity to ask to some other people who
  was waitig too. I arrived in Frankfurt and there meet a brazilian girl who was participated
  in the same opera studio and we went togheter to Weimar by train. Arriving in Weimar
  we went to the hostel by bus and meet our colegues and the director of the opera
  studio and your secretary. In the hostel I shared the room with two guys, one from
  United States and other from Eslovenia, both baritones, so I was the only tenor
  in that bedroom. Some day I sang "O Sole Mio" just for fun in some park of the city
  with a american friend who lives in Weimar. At morning we haved german classes after
  the breakfast and after the german classes we haved singing classes and interpretative/performance
  classes with singers and pianists and opera rehearsals at the theatre. Each student
  received a character to interpretate in the opera The Magic Flute composed by Mozart,
  and musted to sing in the choral too because we was in four casts and we musted
  to did almost evrything to learn the most as possible. We was in 43 students from
  many countries around the world. Some days we traveled to near cities to sing in
  concerts with pianist and/or orchestra in some castle, park or other place. In our
  first opera performance rained in the final of the opera and was in a park at open
  air, but we did the all opera until the end and the german public don''t abandonated
  us, using umbrellas and rain caps. We performed the opera after that performance
  only in closed locals, in a very old lutheran church in Apolda and in the Mon Ami
  Theater in Weimar where we did our rehearsals. I did almost all the tenor characters
  of the Magic Flute, less Tamino who is the more important tenor of this opera. My
  most important character there was Monostatos, a very funny and confuse villain
  who wants to kiss Pamina, the princess who is in loved by Tamino. Monostatos is
  like a double agent, works to the most important character who represents the "bright
  side", Sarastro who is Pamina''s father and to the character who represents the
  "dark side", the Queen of the Night too, who is Pamina''s mother. Because we haved
  four sopranos to do the Queen of the Night, one of that girls was a blond and beautiful
  soprano from United States with who I haved an affair there, so in the backstage
  we can say: Monostatos don''t kissed Pamina but kissed her mother, haha. In our
  little free time in the morning I did some exercises and runned with my friend from
  Eslovenia in a big park of Weimar like... two times, hehe. The people say Weimar
  is not a city with parks is parks with a city, because have very big parks there
  wit lots of trees. Weimar is a turistic city where lived important personalities
  from the history like Goethe and Liszt, who are represented in a beautiful monument
  in front the major theatre at the center of the city. After the conclusion of the
  opera studio two brazilian sopranos, an american tenor and me traveled by car to
  Salzburg / Austria to know some places. Salzburg is very beautiful and have a monument
  to Mozart in the center of the city. After this I went to Munich by bus to go to
  Frankfurt where I walked around with latin friend, and after I traveled back to
  Brazil by airplane.'
