Title: 'Leaving a domestic relationship. '
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/leaving-a-domestic-relationship
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Lauren  Daly
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'I traveled to Lanzarote on the third of February 2018, I originally left my
  country because I got attacked and badly assaulted back on the twenty first of December
  2017. I was in my ex boyfriends house, he was after having a few vodkas with his
  mates over at his local pub, in the turn inn in Carbury.


  I was just after finishing cleaning the house and he came storming in to say he
  got into an argument and left the pub. I tried to calm him down and see what the
  problem was and why he had returned back by himself. He reacted with no words only
  two boxes into my nose and face, I ran to the mirror to see what way my face looked,
  it was horrible.


  I had to immediately leave the house to call an ambulance, as my ex was highly intoxicated
  with alcohol and drugs, he would have killed me if he had the chance, I''ll never
  forget walking down the road that evening, there was blood all over me trying to
  walk closer to the shops to wait for an ambulance to pick me up. I suffered with
  two broken eye sockets, a broken nose and my front tooth had been knocked out.


  I had to get treatment in Naas general hospital, I had to be escorted back to his
  house to get all of my belongings, I moved back into my sister''s house just for
  one day because I had a serious problem trying to leave his in the first place anyways
  I went into the credit union that Tuesday, I got a loan of two and a half thousand
  euro and I moved over to Lanzarote to live with my Da.


  It was my only choice left. He hit me once, I thought he''d change but he didn''t,
  because the second time he hit me bad. This was the last chance he got though, it
  was my own fault for staying but I thought he''d change and I was wrong. When I
  got to Lanzarote I felt like the fear of control wasn''t there anymore, because
  he wasn''t with me.


  It was then, I was only realizing how much of a domestic relationship I was in,
  I''ll never know how did I manage to survive it, all them years I was with him.
  I had managed to fly to Lanzarote without any hassle, my Dad was very happy to see
  me, but he wasn''t happy to see the marks and bruises left on me.


  I lived in his house as I didn''t have my own place yet, I wanted to feel safe with
  him. I stayed with him for three months altogether, I got fake implants for my front
  teeth. I started working in a bar in Old Town in Puerto Del Carmen, Lanzarote. I
  was working an easy ten to nine shift every day, I''d get up in the mornings, get
  ready, have something to eat and go to work.


  It took me awhile to get used to, but it was a success that wouldn''t of happened,
  if I had stayed back in Ireland. It was the best move ever, I was so scared and
  frightened I''d never get to see my Mam, back in Ireland. But she booked a flight
  to come visit me, the first thing she said when she saw me was, I''m so proud of
  you, look how far you''ve come and that was when I knew I had done a good thing.
  My life is complete, I''m now living back in my Mams house in Ireland. I cook her
  dinner and clean her house before she does arrive home from work. She''s happy and
  I''m happy.'
