Title: Less of a Trek
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/less-of-a-trek
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: mukesh saklani
AuthorCountry: India
Text: The place I am taking you in my fable is a small lake situated in my homely
  state of Himachal, India. The Kareri lake, for which we went-me and my brother-during
  unpopular season to avoid all the rush, the helter-skelter. Although, It is not
  a long trek, what we did come across this journey was really unexpected and it turned
  out to be a memorable experience. As usual, we started our trek with very few clothing
  items, at midnight from Chandigarh and reached Dharamshala in the morning by bus.
  Then after a quick breakfast, took another bus to the village Baagi which we were
  told was the initial for the trek and it was not. We met a local shopkeeper who
  treated us really well gave us all those essential tips of that we-I-didn't hear
  at all because as I told you that we are also from mountains. Moreover, he asked
  his son to drive us to the footstep of the trek, not for free!!! So, his hippie
  son rolled up a joint-asked me join the circle which I took as an old friendly gesture-turned
  on the music, like a record was about to be played on a gramophone. Finally, sobered
  we reached the footsteps, started those 8 miles-OST playing during that drive-of
  trek after taking all the dry fruits and stuff. It took us 3-4 hours to reach the
  lake not that we were slow but we were accompanied by a family of dogs and they
  were lovely but demanding. Also, we bathed twice on our way, did some tricks on
  the Roman rings which my brother had carried, without me knowing that and we also
  met two sisters our way with a normal greetings of nodding. Finally, we reached
  and there was a kind of dying lake-due to the unpopular season-which still offered
  scenic sunset, at least to me, as her smile while gazing the setting sun. Another
  good thing, which kept on adding to the next, there was one other guy who was from
  Bavaria, a fan of football but of the rival club, left his job and had been training
  as a yoga teacher at a nearby place there which interestingly I am also doing for
  past two years. So, we connected and sat there beside the bonfire that he alone
  has managed to set up with all that wet surrounding woods. After that, I asked him
  to join us-another bonfire that our local guy-along with those sisters who managed
  to reach after an hour or so, and he joined us. So, we sat there for an hour and
  then Bavarian left as he had to another trek to the seven lakes for the next day.
  Now, as the tents were all well architected, the sun went down and the sky was literally
  lit of the twinkling. The sisters from Delhi-were like us in a way all the siblings
  usually are-had brought liquor mixed with cranberry juice to counter off cold. We
  drank, ate the not very delicious cooking of the local guy, chatted there we all
  construing each other at the start, then we listened to all the stories of local
  cook and the man who set those structures for us. Gradually, the stars were getting
  more elaborative, the bonfire asking for constant goading to stay up and our conversations
  turned to silence following the same pattern. So, we bid adieu each other and went
  to those freezing tents but which were manageable after the drinks we had. For trying
  to sleep, now the dogs started fighting for territories, finally, they also reached
  reconciliation, sleeping with their backs touching ours for the whole time which
  we thought would be and it was warmly, forgetful of the territorial pissing that
  they do. So, the next day we all woke up ate breakfast together, after that, we
  all did a small rejuvenating yoga session and the sister started climbing down.
  We still had some yoga left in us and we meditated. Finally, after exploring that
  place 3-4 short hours of all the carcasses, algae, distorted old style barns with
  rocky walls, the dying lying lush green as winter was approaching, the frozen lake,
  we also left for.
