Title: Lessons Learned
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lessons-learned
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Megan Wakefield
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: It was my first time really travelling alone. Yes I would be with a tour group,
  but they would all be strangers, at least at first. I had saved up, decided where
  to go, and planned it all out. When I landed in Cairo and waited (and waited) for
  my suitcase, I pretty much knew the handwritten luggage tag the agent had made for
  me wasn't going to work. Really, I knew it as she wrote it, but I didn't speak up.
  Lesson learned for next time, not the only lesson I will learn on this trip. I reported
  the bag missing and left for my hotel. I had never been to the Middle East before
  and everyone I had mentioned my trip to had made me feel very nervous about my decision
  to go, and now with my luggage gone I was starting to believe this was a mistake
  after all. After a nerve-wracking taxi ride to my hotel, I informed them about my
  lost bag, and went to my room. The sounds, sights, and scents have Cairo had taken
  a toll on my uneasy mind and I went to sleep. The next day when I met up with the
  tour group and started to feel more settled, I hoped my bag would show up, but if
  it didn't, I decided I was not going to let this ruin my trip. I was in Egypt! Land
  of the Pharoahs! A missing suitcase was not going to be the main focus. I bought
  a couple souvenir t-shirts, washed my clothes each night, and in the 40+ degree
  heat of August (another lesson learned, maybe don't travel somewhere so hot in mid
  summer) everything dried quickly and I was good to go. The one night we spent on
  a falucca was daunting since my sleeping bag was with my luggage, but some spare
  (very itchy) blankets and it turned out to be one of the best nights I've ever had,
  learning about Islam from our tour guide and watching shooting stars fly over the
  Nile. For 11 days I travelled up and down Egypt with only the clothes on my back
  and my carry-on which was basically just my camera bag. There was a small bout of
  traveller' "illness", but I was determined that nothing was going to spoil this
  trip of a lifetime. I saw magnificent sights, took thousands of pictures, and learned
  so much, not just about history and modern Egypt, but also about myself. What I
  could do without, what I was capable of, and my most important lesson of all, to
  always have a spare set of clothes, socks, and underwear in my carry on bag.
