Title: 'Let me lose myself '
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/let-me-lose-myself
SetInCountry: Colombia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Azarith Acu\xF1a G\xF3mez"
AuthorCountry: Colombia
Text: 'Motors announced that we were descending. In each descent, abruptly, the clouds
  were being above, beyond, in that place, still untouched by the hand of man. Each
  movement, more abrupt one than the other, I would be approaching my collision end,
  a clash between what is real and what is wonderful.


  As I thought about the problems that I left in the city, my view is it was stirring
  in a myriad of colors. Was not a single blue, not a single green, not one brown,
  were its derivatives who called me. So many colors together, watered in a way so
  perfect, they clashed with the white painful of the ship still approached, a plane
  that I created a security is artificial and that made me remember my step-by-hospitals
  are filled with talks and pills to be happy.


  Each time more near only you could see green, I appreciated the moisture of the
  place, their small houses above the river, and children without fear, enjoying that
  stage that requires no thoughts. This tranquility was not felt inside the plane,
  the passengers were eager, they saw their watches and wanted to get out to capture
  landscapes that are best enjoyed live. After the waiting, that became long, we landed.


  Accustomed to some luxuries, I smiled at the airport, small and unassuming as the
  people who live there, in the Amazon. On the street you will enter in another universe,
  one where there is still nature, listening to the air, the birds, and you can feel
  the breeze without contamination.


  Despite the closeness to the jungle, there are also paved streets, houses, restaurants,
  of course, that sell exotic food and made for stomachs, daring, but in the end,
  restaurants. There are also hotels, parks, temples, shops and on all people, exotic
  as its food. Their traits are not common. His skin is dark, his eyes large, his
  hair black, his face of native is distinguished from the faces of foreigners, backpackers
  from America and Europe with fair skin, blond hair and blue eyes.


  After meeting on a walk to the small capital of the Amazonas (Leticia), I went to
  lose myself in the jungle.


  The experience makes the soul want to stay there, over the river, the small wooden
  houses, watching the kids brave the mighty Amazon river and not only its water,
  but to the animals that inhabit it, so mystical and dark, like that jungle. Not
  only will you enjoy a guided tour in a canoe, on the great snake, while one of its
  inhabitants, from the whites, had the myths of the place and calmed by saying that
  the great Anaconda, not inhabited in Leticia, but in the jungles of Brazil. During
  the canoe trip you can enjoy, amongst nervous laughter, the sight of pink dolphins,
  manatees and piranhas. On the river, also in small rafts passed brown faces with
  big eyes, and beyond, also on the river, were the houses tiny, made of wood, that
  kept within the warmth of a home: a parent close by, in a raft, in the cottage of
  a mother giving tit and watching the river does not swallow their children.


  In land are not just good images, it can be close to birds, climbing trees, see
  and buy handicrafts made by the indians or to enter a bike to Tabatinga, the city
  that connects Colombia with Brazil. The best part is the Monkey Island, located
  35km from Leticia, a place to deal with the past. You see the monkeys jumping between
  branches, and on one, they can feed and love them in your space, with your family,
  as perhaps we did it the human years ago.


  This place never ceases to amaze with every step, with every smell, with every meal,
  but especially with each landscape. Green, green and more green, moisture and, above
  all, a clash with the real thing with the earth, and with those first beings that
  inhabited Colombia.'
