Title: 'Life with a backpack '
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/life-with-a-backpack
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Kim Bainbridge
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: After years of dreaming about discovering the world, leaping in the unknown
  and getting lost, my backpack was finally packed and a ticket to Singapore was booked.
  Not knowing what to expect or without any plan of route, I arrived in a hot and
  dark night and the first thing that hit me was how modern and clean everything was.
  This was far from the expectation I had of exotic Asia. What was I thinking? Creepy
  crawlers, dense jungle and adventure. This was disappointing for me so at first
  light, I hopped on a bus crossing the border to Malaysia. The further North I traveled
  the more I found what I was looking for. In the next three months I traveled trough
  Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos back to Thailand, Malaysia and in to Singapore.
  It was then that I had picked up the travel bug and changed my return flight in
  a flight to new Zealand. After two months visiting the North and South Island I
  entered Australia on a special tourist visa valid for a year. Here was it that all
  my dreams came true. I was able to hitchhike from Sidney to Melbourne in two and
  half day where I volunteered at a flower farm. Then I arrived in Hobart just in
  time to witness the end of the Sydney to Hobart boat race. Soon I was accepted to
  volunteer at a wild life sanctuary and while making my way to "Something wild",
  a lady had picked me up who was a ranger in the area and offered me to take me to
  the place. But not before showing me the area and letting me camp in the middle
  of nowhere and supplying me with enough food and water for three nights. After those
  nights she found me back and took me to the sanctuary in time to start my new job.
  I learned so much about the animals while working there including that wombats poop
  square, that the male plateaus has a poisonous spore and that Tasmanian devils don't
  like to be locked up in a night shelter. After this great experience I flew to Perth.
  Here I had bought an old four wheel drive and transformed it in to a home on wheels.
  First travelling South to become a sheep herder for a few weeks. The farmer thaught
  me how to command the dog, how to ride a motorbike and on the fifth day he send
  me away with Tike (the dog) to bring a thousand sheep to an other paddock which
  took me two nights and three days to do so. Tike refused to help me with herding
  the sheep, but at least he kept me company at night watching the billions of stars.
  As a reward for my bravery, the farmer had organised a BBQ where ofcourse we had
  mutton as main meal. He made me prepare it from picking the sheep to putting it
  on the fire. Another experience and learning curve but not a nice one. From there
  I traveled North to Broom, crossing North East to Darwin and further East to Cairns.
  Along the way I had many farming jobs, met incredibly nice people and felt free
  and wild. Despite I saved money by doing volunteer jobs via wwoof (world wide organisation
  of farmers), my budget had run low. I made the decision to gamble and instead of
  spending my last penny on a flight home, I flew to Fiji to apply for a working visa
  back in Australia. The gamble payed off and for another seven months I worked my
  way up and down the East coast. Eighteen months backpacking around South East Asia
  and Oceania was the best time of my life. Up to then anyway. For another eight years
  I did summer work around Europe to save enough money to backpack in the winter months
  to South American, Central America and more of Asia. I picked up photography and
  a husband along the way but now it is time to get serious and down to earth and
  get a job in travel journalism.
