Title: Life on a roll
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/life-on-a-roll
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Soumya Ghosh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Life's biggest irony is to be a nomad you need more money than a settle guy
  and not everyone comes with a silver spoon like in the movies where people start
  travelling without any worries . Here I'm always wanted to be a travel writer but
  having no money for international trips but having a lots of responsibilities .
  So I stopped dreaming big sitting on the  couch and started small and decided to
  explore small one at a time. So in India my own country lots of place to see, I
  started exploring From Goa to Kanyakumari its a nice place different people different
  stories  you can practically see the unity but its so diverse. In same place you
  can wait for a temple queue to see God or go to casino to be God. Lots of choices
  and lots of confusion and I'm neither a beach nor a  mountain guy I love both. So
  I started my journey from south India mostly on  bikes. I love road trips if it's
  possible I always choose two wheeler there's a little adventure there I don't wanna
  miss. So setting Bangalore as my base camp  I started moving around in the depths
  of western ghat where mountain meets with sea.  Goa is the first place comes to
  mind if you thought of entertainment and travel together  here in India. Beautiful
  beach tax free alcohol it's a nice place to stay and when our gang dropped there
  we are speechless is this  how paradise looks ? Cheap beer, gorgeous beach  amazing
  people and it feels like place is alive So we joined the party instantly . Later
  that night we realized  we have no hotel  booking  and we are still high and that
  was the first night I spend on a open beach with stars and friends and that's amazing.
  This realization saves a lot of money because we realized a new world of travel
  that actually exist  without prior bookings. you can just  travel, save money  and
  spend your money on casino to try your luck or do some adventure sports. After couple
  of days we went for a kayaking festival and without prior knowledge just participate
  to get the adrenaline rush and its worth it  when ice cold water bites you but you
  don't care because somewhere you know living does't mean a safe heaven behind a
  computer screen it's like that where life is not so certain and it comes only once.
  From there we started riding toward Kerala and on the way it starts raining heavily
  then we realize car is a safer choice in this weather. Muddy road , heavy rain and
  we didn't stopped took the challenge like an adventure . 1000+ km with rain again
  sun we are kinda screwed but the josh (passion) is high and we reached God's own
  country . We booked a houseboat there and started our journey towards backwater
  .  For the people who never stayed in a boat, Houseboat is a boat equipped like
  a house with everything from food to beer or the tools to catch fish  . Holding
  a beer in an hand other hand on ship wheels now I'm the captain of my story .  Full
  Night it was amazing riding on a boat the sound of water the silence and yet the
  luxury of the modern days its like an experience we never had before. I fall in
  love with sea,beach, backwaters, jungle  and realized why Kerala called god's own
  country.  Meet lots of new people some from here some around the world but nature
  brings us together . Never wanted to come back from there but again after 15 days
  all my leaves I burnt and the real life calls . Coming back to city life join the
  life of 9-6 worker somewhere the mind is still stuck in beach and mountain but again  the
  problem I started my story with not everyone has the facility to ride all the time
  because petrol is costly and rest is a choice .
