Title: Life changing &amp; Motivational
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/life-changing-motivational
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Jackey Ndlovu
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: My friend won a competition to attend a local awards ceremony in sandton ( the
  richest mile square in  Africa ). He was told he can bring a partner and he chose
  to me go with him which was a life time experience and motivation for a teenager
  lke myself who comes from one of the poorest communities in south africa called
  dipsloot I got to travel to a new environment , stayed in a 5 star hotel where you
  normally find the rich got to call room service for the first time. As a tourism
  student it motivated me to travel more get out of my comfort zone and explore more,
  I'm used to visiting the same place for holodays which is my grandparents home.
  That experience changed everything for me, it showed me that I can do more with
  travel and tourism . It showed me there's more in traveling than just leisure and
  business I got to meet new people see new places and have a clear site of what it
  feels to travel how rich people and people who afford to travel experience and feel
  when traveling .. even now I look at the pictures I took there to remind me of the
  place and how it felt like traveling, exploring and seeing a different side in people.
  Traveling can change ones view point especially about negative things they say about
  a destination , it changed my mind I thought that only the rich can travel but not
  at all , everyone can travel and experience new places, meet new people, learn and
  get a new point of view . I honestly would advise people to travel more oftenly,
  by saving everyone can travel the are places that are afford that one can travel
  to they are not all expensive as we think . By traveling you get more knowledge
  , new ideas .. after traveling to sandton I saw that the are opportunities in my
  communty that most people fill it with negativity , I learned that it can also be
  turned into a tourist destination if it's well planned and that's why I chose studying
  tourism management , to help my community turn it to a destination , a place of
  opportunities and job creation which will help more people in my community to be
  able to travel and share the same experience I had. Get to see that there's more
  out there in the open and that they get ideas , be motivated and prosper with traveling.
