Title: Life in Lifeless things
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/life-in-lifeless-things
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Husnain Ahmad
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: Staying the whole day on bed was never a difficult task for me. Infact I thought
  the only thing I can be professional at is staying whole day on my couch and demonstate
  lazniness, but the travelling partner inside me was always in search for my other
  mood to switch on and dare to torn the clouds of laziness upon me and go out to
  drench in the cup of nature like a sugar particle. So finally I didnot dare but
  nature compelled me to dare by thrashing my routine. I packed up some essential
  materials abruptly and made on my way to Nothern Areas of Pakistan. The first promise
  I did with myself was not to leave any chance to miss any adventure. So my adventure
  started when I decided to go to bus station on foot that was almost 10 km away.
  Later on my legs realized that this was more a stupid decision than an adventure
  seeking step. Somehow I managed to reach on foot and headed towards my unknown destination.
  The laguage I had in my bag was hope and it almost fulfilled my every necessity
  during my adventure trip. I reached Islamabad and after seeing myself around the
  bravado mountains thought that these mountains were more anxiously waiting to see
  me among themselves. Till now I didnot enjoyed any part of my trip but all I was
  trying to do was to overcome my fear and insecurities along with some stupid and
  strange but funny decisions. The peace I fealt in that trip was like living in such
  a happy world where everyone was born to enjoy every single sip of their life and
  as if there were no tensions left in the world and something smooth has covered
  me and I felt flying with flowers around me and the shinningness of sun was like
  a super energy entring into my body as if I was created to obsorb it fully. All
  I was doing was just making strange random decisions and feel the life of every
  single second that I was spending. So, the claim I would make was that the time
  has stopped for me to enjoy its nanosecond to its fullest and I kept on doing it
  by breaking every single barrier and seeing the life in lifeless things.
