Title: Life&#39;s too short to don&#39;t take a shower in a frozen river
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/life-s-too-short-to-don-t-take-a-shower-in-a-frozen-river
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Montserrat Gonz\xE1lez"
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'Every summer, the beautiful national parks of Banff and Jasper are filled with
  adventurers who want to discover the happiness of camping in the woods, next to
  lakes or rivers and discovering themselves. Last summer, my family and I decided
  to make this trip, from Vancouver to the town of Jasper. We stopped at each viewpoint,
  made short hikes on some mountains, and explored places out of the normal way. My
  family has an adventurous soul, even risking a little, after all we are Mexicans
  and we love the adrenaline.

  After a few days of walking, driving by road, camping, eating donuts and instant
  soup, by the fourth day of our journey we had not found a place in any campground.
  We did not know what to do. While driving we saw a small place next to the road
  to stop the car, and we did that. My father and my brothers went to walk around
  and they found a clearing in the forest, it wasn''t far from the road. We had no
  choice, we would have to spend the night there.

  In summer, in Canada, it gets dark at approximately 9 o''clock at night, so we can
  take advantage of the day. Therefore, after setting up the camp, my brothers went
  to walk in search of seeing some wild animal, which terrified my mother very much.
  Her biggest fear was that a bear walk around our improvised campground, since we
  were not in the safety of a official campground.

  As we had already 4 days without bathing and doing different activities, we all
  had the deepest desire to take a shower. My sister suggested going to the river,
  which was crossing the road, and we all thought it was a good idea. In one part
  of the river there was a small beach. That was the perfect place to take this eager
  bath. We prepared and went little by little towards the shore. The water was not
  cold, it was frozen! I do not know why it occurred to any of us that the water,
  which comes from the thaw, would be so cold. At first, I only put my feet. The water
  was so cold that it hurt to be inside. My little sister seemed to be immune to this
  icy water, she was inside as if nothing. Afterwards, one by one of my siblings got
  into the river. I could not stay behind. I took a lot of strength, I saw that I
  was in an incredible place and I did it. I was inside, maybe, less than a minute.
  It was enough to freeze my soul, cleanse my body and leave as a new person. That
  night we slept all clean and eager to continue this unparalleled journey.

  The next morning, while we were having breakfast, with a view of the mountains and
  the immense and lush forest behind us, a gamekeeper came to tell us that we couldn''t
  camp outside the campgrounds, our safety ran a lot of risk for bears, moose, and
  other animals that inhabit the forests. We said that we didn''t know and we promised
  to don''t do it again. We raised the camp, we didn''t leave any trace of having
  spent the night there and we continued with our way.

  We lasted seven days on this dream trip, I would not change anything of that. Spending
  time with the family, in spectacular places such as the rocky mountains, makes you
  appreciate the fact of being alive and enjoying unparalleled landscapes full of
  life and colors, which generate instant happiness and invaluable memories.'
