Title: Life is full of leaps forward.
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/life-is-full-of-leaps-forward
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Marina Rosal
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'September 16 begins another school year. Although it was not going to be a
  year like any other. This time, I would not have the usual faculty, nor sun, nor
  my friends... not even acquaintances. I would face something completely unknown,
  something that would live for the first time.

  My first year living alone and also abroad, doing Erasmus, It was in Amiens. This
  city located in the north of France and although it is not very large (140,000 inhabitants),
  it is highly recommended to visit the area.

  When I became aware that an important stage of my life was about to begin, two radically
  disparate feelings took possession of me. On the one hand, the fear of not knowing
  responding to college because the classes were in French and, at that time, my French
  was not as good as now. On the other, happiness invaded me when I thought that I
  was going to live one of the most beautiful years of my life.

  On September 8, I jumped out of bed three hours before catching the plane. On an
  empty stomach I started the march towards what was going to be my home during the
  almost 10 months of the school year. A knot in my stomach distressed me when I had
  to pass the control of the airport and say goodbye to my family.

  Once there, after two hours of plane and a few more by train, I arrived at the residence
  where my house would be for the next few months. It was a room of nine square meters
  and luckily had a toilet and shower inside the room.

  During the first week I was arranging all the papers that my university in Spain
  asked for and choosing the subjects that I would study the first semester.

  It was the second day that I met that would be one of many faces that would become
  friends during that experience.

  Then came the first day of class. And there I was, surrounded by people who did
  not speak my language in that big room, trying to arm me with courage. I still remember
  the desire and illusion with which I woke up that day, it was the electrodes that
  prompted me to go out the door a step from military willing to eat the world. My
  anguish became   relief   when I saw that there was another Erasmus in that same
  class. From there, the thing was shot. Well, I do not know if it was because of
  the nerves of the first day or because of the class I attended, but I thought it
  was a somewhat complicated class.

  It was a wonderful day. Well, they were nine wonderful months in which that life
  had become for me something addictive. Although I will not deny that more than once
  I got some tear when I talked to my friends and my parents.

  However, from that moment I would like to experience such an experience again. I
  liked nothing to settle in a new place, to immerse myself in the culture and its
  people and make new friends from anywhere in the world.

  It''s been a little over three years since I gave the biggest leap into the unknown
  and this year, my school year has started once again without sun, in another different
  university and without my usual friends...'
