Title: Like the dreams of El-Bidah mine
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/like-the-dreams-of-el-bidah-mine
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Islam Alsayed
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: 'The telephone rang early. I woke up from my sleep and picked it up to my Professor,
  with the voice of him, I will wait you at the train station, do not be late, the
  train will move at 7 am. I got up from bed and got ready and then took my bag and
  went to the train station in Ramses Square; I hope that the streets of Cairo be
  empty as they are this morning. I arrived at the station and met my Professor and
  took the train to Edfu city in Upper Egypt. Inside the train you find Egypt, there
  are people of all social levels and noise like what we see in Egypt''s noisy nights.
  I spent about eight hours getting to Edfu, that beautiful city and its paranoiac
  features showed me a bright period from the great history of Egypt. Edfu was not
  our destination, but Qusayr city on the Red Sea coast, but the fact that traveling
  by train easier we chose to travel to Edfu and then to Qusayr. The next morning
  we drove by car in the direction of Qusayr and after about two hours we arrived
  at that small hotel which appeared like a pearl thrown by the sea on the beach of
  this quiet city. The four-wheel drive that will take us to our destination in the
  eastern desert of Egypt arrived on time. After the car moved towards the desert,
  the Red Sea Mountains began to appear with their high heads and brightly colored
  rocks. After almost an hour of driving through the desert we arrived to our destination.
  Empty houses built over a flat plateau, a school whose walls were shattered, a mosque
  with a high minaret and piles of phosphate ore. I took the attention of my professor
  wandering around the place as if looking for something and here someone appeared
  among these houses and waving then walking towards us. My Professor welcomed him
  and Saied to me: Dr. Obaid will be our companion in this mine. Obeid began to speak
  and said, ''Welcome to El-Bidah phosphate mine where I was born and spent my childhood
  and then told us that this place was in the past an industrial city and these houses
  were for the workers, this school I learned in and this was the bakery. The place
  is the spark that has created life in its territory and turned this desert into
  a green paradise until it stopped working during the wars that passed through Egypt
  and remained suspended to this day. He took us to inside the mine to collect some
  rock samples and to do the geological studies required for my thesis. The tunnels
  used by workers in the past have come to reach the underground and phosphate-laden
  layers, so much so that you think all the earth''s phosphate may be collected in
  this place. We spent most of the day in our study and after we had finished our
  work we sat next to those green plants that grew by the rains and painted a delightful
  plate that brought us back to life. After eating and drinking tea made with fire
  of burned dry old plants roots. We took our collected samples to the car and moved
  before sunset and returned to Qusayr city. We arrived at the hotel and surrendered
  to sleep after a hard day''s work. The next morning we met Obeid to take a tour
  inside Qusayr and get acquainted with its features where we went to the castle which
  was established in the past to defend the city against the attack of enemies and
  then toured the city market and at the end of the day we ate food on the beach.
  We left Obeid in the hope of meeting again and left the Qusayr towards Edfu loaded
  with all those feelings and dreams acquired from that trip. The train took us to
  Cairo on the return journey, which I began to arrange for another journey and white
  dreams like the dreams of El-Bidah mine.'
