Title: Lions roaring in yangon
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lions-roaring-in-yangon
SetInCountry: Myanmar
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Elizabeth Beeston
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: A deep, sharp, tumbling roar in the middle of the night woke me up, startling
  me as the noise shook the luxury air conditioned room I was curled up safely inside.
  Was I in Africa? Had I traveled to Kenya on safari instead of what we had planned
  and was I nightdreaming? The plan was always up in the air and I was probably just
  really dehydrating from all the traveling on planes I had done in the past twenty
  four hours. It was the tropics after all, maybe I had caught the dreaded dengue.
  I was literally so dazed and confused at this point. When you travel as much as
  I do, you get used to waking up in various countries and in different hotel rooms
  every night. But tonight was different, with my dad sleeping in the bed next to
  me, just like he did when I was a little girl, I remembered in my jetlagged haze
  that I was in fact in sweltering, exotic Myanmar, a former pearl of the orient cocooned
  in time like the beautiful butterly it had yet to become. Although I was in my 30s,
  I had insisted on my dad joining me for a father daughter bonding trip, because
  in this stage of my life I knew how precious together time was. There it was again.
  A deep, throaty roar echoed through the night and this time my dad woke up. "What
  was that sweetheart?" Baffled between a lack of sleep and time zone confusion I
  seriously had to figure out my sleepy head. "I dont know dad but it sounded like
  a lion". Rubbing my blurry eyes, i switched the side lights on and it all came flooding
  back. The gaudy hotel I had selected after hours trawling through tripadvisor reviews
  was right next to the historic yangon zoo, home to an asian tiger or two. The crumbling
  zoo had been built by the British in the early 1900s to meet the needs of the unquenchable
  thirst to see beautiful, untamed animals caged for the enjoyment of a few overindulged
  colonial colonels and their families. There are currently only about 50 wild tigers
  left in the entire country and if the government of myanmar does take measures to
  ensure the lives of these beautiful beasts then sadly, the only roars we will hear
  are of those in the Rosegarden hotel room in Rangoon.
