Title: Lisbon Saint Antonio Festival
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lisbon-saint-antonio-festival
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Alex Righetti
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'THE CELEBRATION

  Saint Antonio from Lisbon, or also known as Saint Antonio from Padua (Italy) was
  actually born here in Portugal in 1195 and a church named "Igreja de Santo Antonio"
  as been built upon where the Saint dwelling was supposed to be.

  On 13th of June of each year, people gather in Lisbon to celebrate the festivity
  of the Saint, they rent rooms for entire week or come from other sides of Portugal
  to visit their relatives in this period.

  This celebration it is the most relevant in Lisbon and from the first days of June
  until almost the end of the month you can really breath an atmosphere of happiness
  and airiness when people start to set up arrangements for the great event, colorful
  flags, little models of the Saint, banners, tables and grills on every garden or
  free space nearby the houses or where there is a bit of free space to use. Tons
  of sardines, the cheapest and most iconic street-food in this event is a must to
  to be eaten!


  WHERE...

  All the city of Lisbon stops for about 3 days but for sure the best way to enjoy
  this celebration is between the Mouraria and Alfama neighborhoods, also called "arraiais"
  in Portuguese, since the historical old town creates the perfect scenario and frame
  to such party. The small alleys are so charming that seem to be right in the soul
  of the town. The smell of Sardines, as well as meat, diffuses rapidly and low along
  those small streets that become soaked of such smell for days. From the top of the
  Miradouro de Santa Luzia (S. Luzia Viewpoint) you really can observe the old city
  below and those small smoke plumes from the grills spread in every direction. An
  amazing and cozy place to enjoy one of the most beautiful local festival in Portugal.


  THE NIGHT

  After the long preparation of the first week of June the days has finally come!
  The main streets of the center are closed to the traffic and the mood of the city
  with its loud swarming of people starts to grow more and more. It is a 24H no stop
  working day for those who work at the party but people and workers join together
  with no formalities, everyone celebrates with no differences in duties or responsibilities.
  What makes this night special is the feeling of belonging to this town and to this
  people, whom together, move tight "like sardines" and wander along the city grabbing
  on meal here and another drink there. Stages, entertainers and singers involve people
  to dance and celebrate with local music so for tourists the real Life in Portugal
  cane be lived right here. In each corner of the town no more rules exist. The main
  atmosphere is pleasant in this joyful and enjoyable night where traditions and culture
  are shown in all their strength.'
