Title: Listeners of stones
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/listeners-of-stones
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Simran Banga
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I don't remember embracing these many colours drenched in the rains before.
  One gets to observe culture simmering in the deep eyes of the locals belonging to
  this salty ground. Khambhat made me walk 15 kms, feet muddied in the ground and
  reeking of fresh khaman, each trying to tell a story in every lane. I am no lane
  specific as they all open up to magnificent mosque where, to your utter delight,
  you don't find much gentry soiling the sanctimony of its sheer meaning. It smells
  right without people. A structure tamely betrothed to its sidewalls with tainted
  windows, stood unoccupied screaming out to its ancestry and beguilingly calling
  out to each visitor. Opposite of the very beautiful structure was the humble and
  small residence of Anwar Bhai, the curator of stones for the archeology department
  of the MS University of Vadodara, the topmost in India. He had accumulated a whole
  world worth of stones in his smelly backyard. To be honest, it wasn't his house,
  the whole city smelled of salt. Of unprocessed and unacclaimed salt. Magnesium that
  burnt my skin as I forgot, while climbing up a heap of it, to not touch it. The
  small scar persists in my memory, fonder, than on my finger. Anwar Bhai took to
  his hospitality to convince us into looking through his whole collection of bead
  making and also then led us to the backyard and showed us some bead making in real
  time. He started by beating a rock on a certain platform with a small, inanimate
  hammer. Contrarily, it turned out to be made of Buffalo horns as he shoved it in
  my face with the provision of the same knowledge. He made a small cylindrical bead
  with one and another feather looKing one, next. The third stone he tried mastering
  was "faulty", he said, after a single hit by the hammer, in a husk ridden voice
  sounding innately of iodine in its basic baritones. He heard the stone, said that
  there was a crack in it, kept it aside just as respectfully as he'd do with the
  perfectly fine ones. I believe I saw truth and passion throbbing in one single act
  of revered rejection.  He carved me a spearhead neck chain for 30 bucks and said
  I could protect myself from bad guys with it. His intention was priceless and craft
  divine. We went inside his house to collect some more fine bead artefacts and it
  struck me a little that it had been about an hour at his abode, and he hadn't offered
  us a glass of water. I asked him for some and he left all the jewellery and asked
  me with an apologetic look on his face, "aap idhar ka khaara paani pee loge kya?"
  - "would you be able to drink this salty water?". All my worldly pleasures of purified
  luxury water receded and I remember never feeling a glass of water in so much fulfillment
  before. We bid adieu to the dusty artist and crossed village roads full of buffalos
  to come to a shop that sold cigarettes. They chased us for our lives for a moment
  and a half and we ran more free than our capitalized lives had let us to before.
  The rains had subsided by then and we had walked back to the bus station to return
  to our lives of hustle and bustle with our last cigarettes dangling from our freer
  mouths. We saw a lady eat the ash from her 'bidi' and wondered the calamities of
  adulting. We returned back by the death of the night with the masterly beads clinked
  around our wrists and necks.
