Title: 'Little Treasures '
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/little-treasures
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Keely Davis
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I love little things. My heart has always belonged to small memories, places,
  trinkets, just small things. Little keepsakes are a way for me to hold on to things
  I love regardless of what happens in my life, because large objects are too hard
  to maintain. I fell in love two and a half years ago, with someone that I truly
  believe descended straight from heaven. He is all of the parts of love that I didn't
  really believe in until I met him. I found him in Tucson, Arizona where I have lived
  my entire life, waiting to get out. I love the desert more than most people will
  ever love anything. It's not that I was longing to leave where I live all of my
  life, it's that I've been longing to leave how I live for a majority of it. I want
  to be a well-traveled person. I want to know cultures and languages and people and
  smells all around the globe. I have never been comfortable with stability, with
  complacency. I've always craved change and have always been searching for a way
  to compose it. I love little chaos, organized chaos. I am my happiest when I am
  my most uncomfortable. Erik came into my life and he was well-traveled, universally
  kind, adored in any space he entered. He was, in so many ways, an adventure in human
  form. It was after I met him that I took my first flight alone, my first flight
  with a partner, my first kayaking expedition, my first small day trip, and my first
  real getaway. It was after meeting him that I saw 15 states in two weeks, and an
  entire other country across a lake. One of the best places Erik has ever taken me
  to is a hidden gem in Manhattan, New York. It is two stories and tucked into a shopping
  district. It's a gallery filled with miniatures of all of the worlds most renowned
  buildings and structures. It's thousands of square feet of precisely detailed replicas
  of some of the most visited places on the planet, places I have always wanted to
  see. In one day, I was shown more of the world than I could probably travel in a
  lifetime. Regardless of the fact that I was in none of those places, I somehow felt
  I was in all of them. There are people who will care about your journey that way,
  so wholeheartedly that they will give you every corner of the world in whatever
  way they can. The museum of miniatures was something I never expected to find, and
  someone I never thought I deserved to find brought me to it. In so many ways, since
  the day I met my partner, I've been finding little treasures just like this.
