Title: Little Hidden Jewels
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/little-hidden-jewels
SetInCountry: Malaysia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Varshit Jain
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Selamat Datang,

  On the other side of the UNESCO world heritage area of Penang,Malaysia is the beautiful
  isolated forest of Taman Negara. Famous for boars, cats and King cobras; it is one
  hell of a place. My attraction to the national park came with wanting to see Bio-luminescent
  plankton on Monkey beach (Yes, It has monkeys :P), a place for quiet utterances
  and some much needed solitude.  More like, I needed to save some all important mullah
  for my month long travels. Or so, I thought.

  I got to the forest by 10 am and was hoping to do the trek to the beach. Unfortunately,
  the park had recently been closed off to public. Camping access was given only to
  those who paid the organizers'' hefty fee of 1500 ringgit. Traveling solo and cheap,
  I  couldn''t pay that and had to think of something else. Enter: A Marvelous idea.
  Catch the 40 rm boats to the touristy beach for the day. I waited for some time
  till i found a couple and split the cost to the beach with them. The beach becomes
  isolated in the night though.

  Many things happened before i pitched my tent but ill skip to after i made the arrangements
  of pitching my tent next to a stream. It was close to 10 pm when i was done and
  hungry again. For the beach at this time, it was dark, with only moonlight shining
  on the water. Dark like I could walk 2 steps and not see my tent behind me. Expecting
  a quiet night , I was hoping to play my speakers and chill till 1 am when the plankton
  phenomenon starts happening visibly. I felt like a walk early, so I got to exploring.
  As I got closer to the other side of the beach I remember thinking "whaaaaaat? In  the
  middle of nowhere. This ain''t happening." Somebody was playing loud and good music.
  My detective instincts took over and I discovered  a series of tents pitched in
  semi hostel type place. This was the treasure of "Lazy Boys".  I got in to see a
  bunch of dilapidated woods structures to make a semi cafe- a hanging out spot for
  everyone there.

  I stumbled into a friend from Kuala Lumpur and from then on the night kept getting
  stormier. I met some French, Spanish, Portugese, Bangladeshi and some peeps from
  the middle east. Made for an interesting night. We rolled around the beach waiting
  to watch the plankton and got stunk by jellyfish in the waters. (Pee works as a
  cure but id recommend baking powder or a basic(as in acidic/basic) plant like aloevera
  :P)

  The most amazing and relaxing couple of days ensued. We just played poker for hours
  on end, No high stakes at all. (Cause everyone is a broke ass traveler :P). On one
  day one of the locals spotted and caught a king cobra and released it. Another day
  KFC emerged at 12 in the night from a spell cast by the resident magician. There''s
  a nearby lighthouse for amazing views too. You could even go fishing with cook.


  Definitely would recommend to anyone planning to go to Malaysia.


  Personal recommendation level - Over 9000.


  Peace.


  P.S: Get to Penang main town around Chinese new year and be dazzled by the lights
  everywhere too.'
