Title: Living like a local
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/living-like-a-local-2
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Naadiya Green
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: 'Awake before the crack of dawn,everyone slumbers while her companions were
  the mosquitos kissing her awake.

  She laid her clothes out on the bed and prepared to cleanse herself in a way begotten
  to her conscious in a corner of the room that was reminiscent of the times when
  she was growing up.

  The cold water touched her skin like an ex that made her shudder. She soaped herself
  down quickly trying not to give in to the satisfaction of rubbing the kisses from
  the mosquitos.

  In the twilight she used the peeking light to make her way around and the darkness
  to cover her while she dressed, from the many eyes that shared the room with her.

  Alarms from mobiles go off reminding her of the start of the day but deaf to the
  ones they were meant for. She called out to them to hush their nagging alarms and
  arise from their slumber but it was like an echo reminding her that she was the
  only one awake.

  She resigned to the idea that she would have any human company at this hour and
  so she went outside to puff at her cigarette and greet the rising sun that was praised
  by the screeching rooster.

  Not long after she was greeted by a quiet man that looked like he had thought and
  lived the whole day ahead.

  The narrow street started to come alive with it''s occupants spitting out,ready
  to take on another day.

  The quiet unlit corner that she sat in became a viewpoint for the business that
  was happening around her.

  The sound of the knife as it hacked at the bone of the meat that was being prepared
  for the meal,

  The giggles and cackles of the ladies as they started their chores,

  The hums of the bikes as they were carrying their passengers,

  The sound of the bristles of the brooms as they waltz across the dusty floors,all
  while the sun vogued.'
