Title: Living Dreams
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/living-dreams-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Puja Rajbanshi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: That day came in my life when a very thin ray of happiness came in my life.
  Although, i am not sure about whether it is going to work or not. It is an hope
  that my inner me will come out and explore the beautiful planet earth. This feeling
  was giving me a risk factor of diverting myself from my daily work which is giving
  bread butter to me and family and happiness factor of being me always thinking travelling
  world ,both the feelings together just freaked me out but the weight-age of happiness
  was more. Yes, the journey is about to come yet and i am really excited about it.
  i have really started imagining myself on air plane and about to land my destination.
  That is a amazing feeling and made me smile. What i can see with imaginary eyes
  is the city below, with the blue water surrounded and the luscious greens enhancing
  beauty of the city. Faraway, i can see the mountains ranges covered with clouds
  and that excitement is killing, I am about to land, Thinking about the hotel, making
  list to visit as many as places i can visit, observing people i am surrounded with,
  thinking to involve them in my story, thinking wish i could take my mom with me,
  she has never traveled international trips, no problem next time and Yes i am hungry
  , what i am going to eat, curious to write about my food experiences. My heart is
  pumping high, no i will not get heart attack out of happiness. explaining myself
  to calm down and relax yourself, over excitement will kills the fun. About to land,
  fastened my seat belt and my eyes are closed. Why my mother is calling me for dinner
  now. Oh no! come back to reality Puja! you are on your working table with an open
  assignment on the another tab. Yes it is the harsh reality and i smiled while writing
  and living this dream.
