Title: Living like a king, in UNESCO heritage!
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/living-like-a-king-in-unesco-heritage
SetInCountry: Estonia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Marek Gaspar
AuthorCountry: Slovakia
Text: In 2017 I was thinking where to go, where to travel. And first plan was make
  a round trip around European countries - similar as I did in 2016 alone. But just
  the night before I was ready to go, something changed and I decided for a trip to
  Baltic. So in next few days I packed myself and started the journey up to north.
  First stop was a small city in Poland called Suwalki. From there I took just buses.
  I visited Vilnius, Trakain (amazing castle not far from Vilius), Klaipeda and then
  I moved to Riga. Here the most interesting story can begin. I wrote on Couchsurfing
  and one lady answered me that she can accommodate me in her small place, where she
  has the massage saloon. I was really curious and did not know what to expect. When
  I arrived, I found out I will live right next to the castle where president lives
  in Latvia. Just the wall between me and castle. That was something really special.
  Laying in small room with all these products which you need when you make a massage
  business. I loved Riga, it was amazing! Beautiful city. But it was time to move
  further - to Tallinn, Estonia. Here I also got a chance to stay with a local person.
  Her name was Annina and she lived - and not be careful - in UNESCO heritage. It
  was a small flat owned by Ukrainians right next to the famous city walls. What a
  luck did I have! To live next to the castle and now in UNESCO building. That was
  something insane. But the story does not end here. In Tallinn, in this flat I met
  with another Couchsurfers from Germany, who came here just for 3 days. And now lets
  move to the year 2018 - I am on the trip around Europe with mom and our first step
  will be made in Amsterdam. And guess what. The guy I met in Tallinn, in this UNESCO
  heritage flat, lives in Amsterdam but is away in France. But he was so nice that
  even we knew each other just for 2 days, he left his keys for me and mom so we stayed
  for free in Amsterdam, not far from city center! I have to say, that sometimes I
  feel too lucky, because of these things which are happening to me when I travel.
  But I am trying to be nice to the people who I met, and to do just good things in
  my life. So maybe I worth it? :P :) Nah, I really do not know, but I know one thing
  - I love to travel and I love to share experiences like this one!
