Title: Lkhsadweep wonder
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lkhsadweep-wonder
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: AYANTIKA  BHATTACHERJEE
AuthorCountry: India
Text: In the year 2017 , December some engimatic days I locked in my mind . I sketched
  blue layers of my own rhythm for the ocean which pull me off to Lakhsadweep the
  place for peace and magic . I started my journey from Kolkata airport then Cochin
  after that , l took my flight for the wonder fly to Agatti . When the fairy land
  ultimately touched my wings I was completely astonished by its unfold beauty . From
  Agatti airport I shifted to Tinnakara island which was my home for those lovely
  days . A water boat took me of to my own kingdom like a queen of blue ocean . Sea
  water were welcomed me with lot of joy . I stayed 3 nights and 4 days at Tinnakara
  . From this island I traveled to another islands like Bangaram , Parle 1 and Parle
  2 etc . Tinakkara was a very small island its length was 5km and breadth was 3km
  . Some local people who were trained by government were the stuff of the island
  who take care the tourists , otherwise no body stay here as a resident . This place
  was like heaven of ocean , full with green peace , also the place for the seafood
  lovers . Next day of my tour I went for Bangaram which was also a island like Tinakkara
  where I experienced snokling for the second time which wowed me again for the beauty
  of under water corals , many shapes and colourful corals were there for creating
  real enigma of life time . After that I finished my delicious lunch at Bangaram
  then I came back to Tinakkara and squished me in my star land . Next day I went
  to Parle 1 and Parle 2 , in the way of those lands trutles showed me the way and
  gave me the glipms of there life , lots of birds also touched my mind like a novelist
  phenomena. Finally I reached to those lands this were very very small no one stay
  here only people come to see the places . I roam around it a seeking it's beauty
  like breadhting. Then after extracting the love of nature I came back to my island
  and raping up the languages . But my mind could not accept to pack those chapters
  . But I have to , with lots of moments I closed my dairy and went for home next
  day morning . And thus I ended my journey with emotional stratification .
