Title: Locals Know Best
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/locals-know-best
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: RAEL LYNN
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I haven't had that much experience in travel so far but what I have done so
  far has been wonderful. I am a voracious reader of guide books before I go anywhere.
  Avoiding unnecessary mistakes is one of my main goals while traveling.  Reading
  a guide book really doesn't compare to what I have learned from the locals though  They
  really do know best and are willing to give advice that can't be found in a guide
  book. Our family went to the Big Island of Hawaii three years ago and absolutely
  loved it. We stayed at an Airbnb just outside of Hilo on the East side of the island.
  Our hosts were not only fantastic people but fountains of useful information. They
  said to make sure we didn't speed on the main road that had a 25 mph speed limit
  - but which you felt should have been 45 mph and were sorely tempted to do. Sure
  enough, a day later on the same road as I gritted my teeth watching the speedometer
  wavering at 25 mph, my wife casually mentioned the police car sitting at an approach.  Wow.
  Great advice that saved a bunch of money. You won't find that in a guidebook. Ted
  (our host) also showed me a couple of pictures he had taken of the island and to
  my amazement he had a close up  picture of the lava lake at the Halema'uma'u Crater
  at the Kilauea summit. What?! How do I get there and can I go right now!! Ted explained
  that you can see the crater from the Jaggar Museum but to get the view that he did
  would require driving into the Hawaii Volcano National Park - which is open 24 hours
  - and then parking in an unlit parking lot - at midnight. Then you would patiently
  wait for 45 minutes or so to make sure the coast was clear and then start walking.
  There was a 50/50 chance a park ranger might be there. If we were caught it was
  $175 fine. That's it?!? Let's go! I am the type of person that takes into consideration
  how many chances I might have to see something and if it is worth doing it. Getting
  to an active volcano in any part of the world is tough enough and depending on the
  country it is in can be downright hairy. A 2 mile hike to see perhaps a once in
  a lifetime view? I'm in. Ted drove myself and a Russian girl who was also staying
  at his place. After a hiking a mile Ted stayed behind while we carried on. Tensions
  were high as we saw the orange glow in the distance get closer and closer. Would
  we make it? The trail curved right and there it was right in front of us. No words
  can describe seeing the orange plume of smoke rise up into the starry sky right
  in front of us. We carefully walked on the jagged lava while being very careful
  not to go near the steam that was rising up from the vents in the rocks all over
  the place. We came within about 10 feet of the edge and looked down into the crater
  and the lava lake. It sounded like waves crashing in the ocean as the lava splashed
  and hissed. The best moment of my life by far (if my wife is reading this then it
  was the second best moment of my life after being married). We stayed about 45 minutes
  and then headed back. I could have stayed all night but Ted was waiting and we didn't
  want him to worry. What can I say? If we hadn't immersed ourselves by staying with
  local people, I never would have had such a great experience. Once in a lifetime
  for sure. Since the 2018 lava flow on the Big Island, the lava lake drained and
  is no more. It could be many more years before that happens again. Anywhere I go
  in the future I will always make sure to get local knowledge. You never know what
  adventures await. But in saying that, tread lightly. After all, you are on their
  turf.
