Title: Looking for myself
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/looking-for-myself
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Gabriela  Lima
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I have met more than 10 countries. Ok, not much depending on your background,
  but for a girl born in a not rich family in Brazil it is, trust me.


  One year living in Europe and traveling, all costs by a government scholarship for
  college; getting to know landscaping places and out standard people. All of the
  cliches about how amazed you can be in a very different country being forced to
  me and being easily accepted.


  I do not know exactly in which day of those I started the longest and hardest trip
  of my life: Looking everywhere for myself.


  Every sunlight in Budapest has made me feel like there was a light somewhere inside
  me and I was not aware. Every kind person I ever met making me fell like the world
  was not supposed to be this chaos.

  All of my experiences making me fell alive at the exact same time that I could not
  say what I needed to be alive.


  I can not put in words some of the experiences I had because I am always reinterpreting
  it. Of course, I can describe which size Mona Lisa is in real life and I could write
  for hours about the most beautiful gardens I have ever seen in Versailles. The point
  is that each experience has made me feel a different emotion, and in order to find
  myself, I need to know what these feelings means.


  The difference between a world trip and an inner path is that in the first one you
  have a destination, you may not know which one, but as soon as you find a nice city
  and a cheap hostel it is ok to stay there for the next few days. In the second case,
  realizing that you are in a long way that leads to no specific place is hard. However,
  it is as hard to accept, as it is to understand that there is no need to worry.

  In both cases, it is all about the traveling, not the destination. That is the point
  of being a traveler.


  It should be prohibited to travel to a country that you were not born in and do
  not try to make you feel the way its people feel. It is impossible to find yourself
  in a deep inner trip if you are not paying attention on what the world has become.


  Every church in Italy has made me feel giant and insignificant at the same time.
  Every Brazilian I met abroad has shown me another Brazil.

  Every one and every thing I lived on my trips are being putted together to make
  me see a bit of the unknown journey I am taking myself in. Now I am comfortable
  with the feeling that if I know how to manage my feelings, there is no need to worry
  about what the next apprenticeship is.


  We will probably die without knowing every city in the world, but we will for sure
  die without knowing all of what our mind is capable.

  The way to go in both cases is ahead, visiting every corner you can in every chance
  you got. Physically or mentally.


  I am a deeply believer that sharing is caring and writing is the most honorable
  way to do it. Sharing our experiences is giving everyone else the opportunity to
  learn from what we are.'
