Title: Lord Shiva&#39;s Sticker
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lord-shiva-s-sticker
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: AKSHYA SHREE
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'As far as I can remember, I don''t seem to have an uneventful trip or vacation,
  and this was not even a vacation. I had gone to Thessaloniki, Greece to participate
  at the Thessaloniki International Fair. The fair was the biggest mistake of my entrepreneurial
  journey; it left me with a loss of 9,000 euros. The icing on the cake, I was robbed
  and in my wallet was my passport which couldn''t be recovered. On the final day
  of the exhibition, I was in tears not because I was upset but because I was tired
  as hell and stressed to the next level. I had already made the necessary arrangements
  for my leftover products, but there were still some critical tasks left.


  When I reached my apartment, I sat down to make a to-do list, first on the list
  was to get an FIR for the lost passport. I went to the police station along with
  my sister, and there was a long queue cause apparently apart from gyros and bougatsas,
  Greece is also famous for pickpocketing. I got the FIR and the officer who gave
  us the report was dressed in denim shorts, a pink T-shirt and had shoulder length
  curly hair which was made into a hun. To be frank, he looked anything but an officer
  in that attire. Then the next chore was to purchase a suitcase not because I shopped
  like crazy but because there were some small products and samples which I was supposed
  to take back home, and I needed an additional suitcase to pack those. Although Thessaloniki
  is one such place where you must buy like there is no tomorrow; high street fashion
  and all-time low prices, what more could anyone want!


  After making our purchases, my sister and I headed to our temporary home, and while
  we were discussing what should we eat and where to go, we passed by a small outlet
  and the surrounding smell was heavenly, without a second wasted we walked to that
  eatery and was delighted to see the fantastic pizza options. The owner and was a
  mother-daughter duo and also offered home delivery within 1 km distance.  We ordered
  a three cheese tomato capsicum pizza, and my sister took a diet coke can while I
  was surfing through the beer, the lady was kind enough to offer her suggestion to
  me.  Instantly we got comfortable with her, it was a small space, but the warmth
  was both physical and emotional. After a long hard day to see someone smiling and
  making sure that you enjoy your meal is a relief. She asked about our whereabouts,
  and mid-conversation a man walked into the place, who I believe was related to the
  lady because he didn''t order anything, but they spoke in Greek, so I am not really
  sure. He too joined the conversation. The delivery boy walked in a couple of minutes
  later, and we were surprised to know how much he knew about our culture. The ladies,
  the strange man, the delivery boy, me and my sister were all happily conversing
  about India, our work, independent women and the lifestyle similarities. Those 25
  minutes in that eatery were the best 25 minutes I have ever spent waiting. It was
  the tipping point of my entire journey; I think after this point I never felt upset
  about making the decision of exhibiting at the fair.


  We collected our order and in our excitement couldn''t even bother to share emails.
  When we exited the place, the delivery boy was about to leave for an order, he delightfully
  pointed to a ''Lord Shiva sticker'' on the front panel of his motorcycle. My sister
  was particularly happy to see his devotion to Lord Shiva and his knowledge about
  Indian customs. As we moved ahead towards the apartment, the strange man''s car
  passed by and he slowed his vehicle to bid us goodbye. Some gestures although small
  stay with you forever.


  That night over pizza and beer while discussing failures and success we booked our
  bus tickets to Athens, packed our bags and went to sleep. It was one of the most
  peaceful nights I had had in a long time.'
