Title: 'Lost Spirit '
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lost-spirit
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: "Nicol\xF2 Passaro"
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Finally my moment had arrived too. After months of spasmodic waiting, in the
  magical summer of 2011 I had received the best news that could happen to me. Finally,
  I could travel too. Finally, I could go to a foreign country. I still could not
  believe it and the blood boiled inside my body so strongly up to my head that it
  seemed I was drunk with joy. I knew that this trip would be a crucial point for
  my life. And so it was. I would never try again in my life a feeling like that.
  The far-off shores give me memories to cry on and the Christmas scents are no longer
  the same; I lived in a tired, suffering nest, whose boredom kept me incessant. When
  one travels for the first time, the person is as if he lost his virginity; a state
  of stillness and dissatisfaction of one''s own monotony from which one never goes
  back and who forever changes one''s relationship: with people, with the family,
  with one''s own land, with one''s own body and mind. You feel crossed by new sensations,
  indescribable even for a pen that tries to turn them in vain words in confusing
  words. All this is amplified to excess if the land we are speaking of is by definition
  the land of dreamers writers: Britain. When he left and arrived in the open sea,
  it was such a wonderful thing that all the previous fear had disappeared. That''s
  the original moment. From there my life starts. Seductive. And I saw the bars, the
  roofs, the big parks, blue and yellow lights play with my heart full of childish
  smiles, lost and found joys, long hello and goodbyes. Endless days to admire unattainable
  kites. Eternals ran toward an unclear sun, unaware of the winds and rains, with
  the Thames kisses on the cheeks of my friends at my side. And in perpetual memory
  will be the countryside, perfect squares of wheat, forever extended on the horizon,
  towards the churches that vanish in the evenings of rivers of alcohol, in the crying
  beer that wanders alone in the squares. The endless roads that unite and divide,
  traversed by candy-colored cars. It was the first and last act of madness; later,
  the ordinariness of life closed me in pragmatic cynicism like a wine in its cask.
  And the memory of that experience haunts me like a magnificent nightmare and a terrible
  dream, trying, in vain, to recall that marvelous and terrifying sensation, so that
  the head and the heart can be reconciled. Travels change people, often in an unexpected
  way, and are able to forcefully enter the minds and hearts of human beings. The
  changes that make the journey generate light and shadow in the lives of all human
  beings and often cause the boundary between good and evil to be very subtle. Traveling
  we will have many sad moments and many happy moments, before and after the journey;
  however, as long as we can find the strength to remove the shadows that afflict
  the mind and the heart, and that prevent them from communicating, we will have the
  strength to transform every journey into growth and to undertake vigorously every
  new and exciting adventure.'
