Title: 'Lost and Found '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lost-and-found
SetInCountry: Afghanistan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Farhan  Siddiqui
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '''My soul is from elsewhere and I''m sure of that and I intend to end up there
  ''-Rumi Are you sure you wanna do this, said my dad just when I was about to leave
  for the Airport. I totally understood his concerns because, solo trip to the rugged
  land of Afghanistan wasn''t a very cool ideyfor him. I hugged him and said I''ll
  be alright dad.


  As I flew over the Afghan skies I was gripped by a sense of foreboding. Got off
  the plain and I was surprised to see this young tall man in his twenties shouting
  my name,

  Jamal,? I asked and he immidiately greeted me with a warm hug. Yes I''m your guide
  for the next five days sir. His sparkling green eyes full of passion gave me some
  respite.

  He invited me to his house and woah these guys were not starving people living on
  bits n pieces, I was welcomed with a lavish feast spread across the floor. Moist
  and succulent kebabs and warm toasty breads.

  His mother fed me with so much love and i really felt enlightened. See we all are
  made to believe that we are different,but sitting amongst them eating what they
  eat and laughing at the same jokes made me realise that ultimately we all live to
  laugh to be able to connect, we all have the same dreams.

  The next day Jamal took me to the city Bazar. This was the biggest Bazaar in Kabul
  and lo and behold I didn''t find any rubble of the destruction caused by the missiles
  amd bombs, all I saw was people buying and selling dreams. I saw colours, i could
  that the men women and the children were not just sad humans of some war torn world
  but just normal people who are perhaps much happier than us living with fears. My
  hearty filled with joy when I saw the young teenagers laughing their hearts out
  over coffee, women bargaining there sweaty out for a dozen sparkling bangles. The
  food, omg,bet there were no empty stomachs there.

  See we all live in the 4 walls of the posh cities and think that this is life, our
  idea of comfort is meaningless and cheap. We are made to believe that we are privileged
  to kiveya kife in chains. Travelling to Afghanistan gave me a different outlook
  to life, a new definition of comfort and joy. I learnt how beautiful it is to make
  the best out of every hurdles that comes your way.

  This was totally different from what I was told or rather made to believe about
  what Afghanistan was.

  This place was full of life, Every Individual here is determined to bring a change.

  I visited an NGO where women were taught how to set up there own business by honing
  there skills and mastering them. I saw girls weaving exquisite carpets, girls working
  there blood amd sweat out to produce the bestest Afghan pulao. I sais to myself
  we can learn so much from here. Back home we teach girls to'' sit still look pretty
  '' that''s how we condition them to become dependent on society''s approval of them
  being the perfect.


  As I bade goodbye to this beautiful country with such an overwhelming cultural history
  my eyes turned moist. It really taught me that every negative situation can be made
  to fall in our favour with determination and a zeal to live life without fears.

  To stretch our wings and go out amd explore. To learn from each other, to experience
  how beautiful tne other side of the world is.

  So what''s keeping you chained, Breakaway!! Pull out your backpack and your rugged
  boots, let''s discover the elixir of life. The true essence of freedom. Go travel...'
