Title: Lost in the streets of Koramangala
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lost-in-the-streets-of-koramangala
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Mariam Mahmoud
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: Three years ago, on 15th of June, me and my friend, Mariam Morsi, landed on
  our dream and first destination outside Egypt, the incredible India. At 4 am we
  met our exchange buddy, Aditya Kumar, at Bangalore Airport. On our way to our hostel,
  we decided to visit Nandini hills where the sun was coming out and the weather was
  so windy and cloudy. We climbed the hill and visited a Hindu temple on the top of
  the hill where we saw how the Hindu rituals are done and got to know more about
  the Indian traditions from the Priest and Aditya. I and Mariam were surprised with
  the beauty of the place, and everyone was in her own world imagining her next two
  months as the best two months in her life. This imagination was interrupted by Aditya
  saying, " let's go back to the car to take you both to the hostel, as it's getting
  colder". After two hours, we arrived at our hostel in 5th road Koramangala in Bangalore.  The
  architecture of the houses was very beautiful and clean, so we started to become
  more excited. Then Aditya took us to see our room, but by the time we checked out
  the room, he was gone. We were surprised when we heard voices of rats and saw lots
  of cockroaches, so we looked at each other as if we were about to ask the same question.
  What should we do now? Should we give up our social project and the travel experience
  that we wished to have for so long? We did not know what to do at that time, as
  we did not have any internet connection or local SIM card, our mobile phones were
  off, there were no switches and the host family speak either Kannada or Tamil. Therefore,
  we decided to leave our luggage in the room and leave the hostel looking for WiFi
  or a switch to charge our mobile phones. Fortunately, we found a nearby kitchen
  shop where we asked the shop owners to give us a WiFi and to let us charge our mobile
  phones. We tried texting Aditya, but there was no reply. The shop owners recommended
  calling him for us, but there was no reply either. Thus, we decided to walk to look
  for any restaurant to break our fast, as it was Ramadan month, and we needed to
  eat something because it was already sunset time. While searching for a good restaurant,
  we were lost in the new culture which is to a large extent different from the Egyptian
  culture. We were surprised by how people dressed, the different religions, the south
  Indian dishes, the unorganized and crowded traffic system, the architecture of the
  houses and temples, the heavy rains, the very old trees that were all around the
  streets, the absence of cats on streets, and the way people deal with each other.
  After a three-hour walk, we were tired and decided to enter a mosque where we took
  a one-hour nap. Then, we decided to return back to the hostel to check whether Aditya
  came or not. When we arrived at the hostel, we found him waiting for us, and after
  a long talk about how bad the accommodation was, he changed the room for us. After
  one week, we started working on our social project at Parikrama Learning Center
  and we further discovered Bangalore. We thought that we were done with adventures,
  but we were wrong because adventures were yet to begin, so guess what?! We missed
  our second flight to Egypt in Abu Dhabi Airport where we spent one day waiting for
  the next flight. While being lost again in the beauty of the Emirati culture and
  the architecture of the airport, we forgot to check in our baggage. An experience
  like this started with an adventure and ended with another. Actually, this is how
  it should end!
