Title: Lost in the Pyrenees
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lost-in-the-pyrenees
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nevin Millan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'In late May, before the days of social media, my brother came to visit me when
  I was living in Paris for a stint. We decided to take a train to Barcelona for a
  few days. On the way back, tired and weary from traveling and partying, we dozed
  off on the train. We suddenly awoke to the commotion of passengers getting on and
  off the train. Knowing we had a connection to make to another train that would take
  us to Paris, we groggily grabbed our bags and jumped out at the station, assuming
  this was the stop.


  As the train pulled away, my stomach sank to my feet as I realized we had just gotten
  off at the wrong station. Ours was the next one, doh! The logistical options came
  crashing through my mind as I hastily deduced that this would not be a simple problem
  to solve. You see, we were near the border of Spain and France. We got off in Spain,
  the next stop was in France. The stations were only a 30 min car ride apart, but
  we were stuck way up in the middle of the Pyrenees Mountains late in the day with
  no taxis or people willing to take us to the next stop due to the inconvenience
  of dealing with the border. To make matters worse, there were no more trains left
  that day! The next one was coming at 8 AM the following morning. We had no choice
  but to sit there and wait for 12 hours. It was a bummer, but always open to adventures,
  I tried to keep a positive outlook.


  As the sun set, it began to snow outside, quite heavily. "Glad we''re not stuck
  out there!" I remarked to my brother. Just then the station manager told us we had
  to leave, the station was closing and they would not let us crash inside. Despite
  our protests we ended up stuck outside, freezing on the top of a mountain, exhausted
  and hungover. To top it all, the nearby town was seasonal, meaning during the summer
  months almost everything closed down. No hotels, no B&Bs, nothing, It was like a
  ghost town. However, a random townie told us there was a trailer park a mile up
  the road. We figured that was our only option, so with the snow blizzarding into
  our faces, the darkness enveloping the sky, and the sounds of wolves and other creatures
  in the distance, we lugged our stuff up the ominous road to the trailer park.


  By the time we arrived it was almost 10 PM. I knocked on the park manager''s door.
  He eventually whipped it open and angrily answered in French. With my Francais skills
  coming in clutch, I let him know of our predicament and that we were looking for
  accommodations for the evening. He asked if we were American. I said "Oui!". He
  slammed the door in our faces. We decided our only hope was to take turns napping
  in the phone booth outside the train station. So, shivering, we turned to leave
  back down the road.


  As we walked down the driveway, a car pulled into the trailer park. At first I assumed
  we were about to get murdered and fed to rabid bears, but it turned out to be two
  nice Frenchmen ravers asking us if we needed help. We explained the debacle and
  they responded by offering us a tent to borrow that we could pitch next to their
  trailer, and they even had some extra food to give us. We thanked them profusely
  and accepted. Random act of kindness to save the day!


  Aside from it being the coldest night I''ve ever spent in my life, with wolves howling
  in the distance and my brother and I cuddled up together for warmth, we were so
  thankful to have a few morsels of food in our bellies, a barrier between the elements
  and our faces, and the kindness of strangers. Early the next morning we made the
  next train and got back to Paris no worse for the wear. Needless to say, I learned
  my lesson and I now triple check every train connection!'
