Title: Loving and educated people in my country
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/loving-and-educated-people-in-my-country
SetInCountry: Romania
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Artene eliza-mihaela
AuthorCountry: Romania
Text: 'n 2010 I was working at the bearings factory in my town and our Turkish chief
  wanted to lead us to a teambuilding and I first arrived in Poiana Brasov. I was
  amazed by the beauty of the mountain and the frozen snowflakes. I promised I would
  return someday, though I was very scared by the free bears who came to town. In
  2014, December, I took my baby and left for Brasov. It was our first exit together,
  longer and far. We had food, we had accommodation, we took the map and discovered
  the city on the run. I spent two days. But in the evening, in the fir tree, with
  many people, with Christmas habits, I boil and kurtoscalacz, among the lights in
  the center, I stayed in my heart forever. They were happy, free, beautiful, happy
  people. What amazed me was the lack of knowledge that exists in my city. There people
  took my hand and took me where I wanted to get to the sights. People did not embarrass
  me and they did not go to my feet in the store. People know how to smile and the
  sellers know to be polite. That''s what I need: good people. I fell in love with
  the streets of Brasov, of trees, of forest, of Poiana which is very close to 14
  km. On another Christmas, I caught the sun and the glowing snow on Postavarul, the
  beautiful mountain of Poiana ... The immense joy that surrounds me there in the
  heart of the country is indescribable. I feel free and happy there. That''s why,
  in 2018, I moved to Brasov with the service. I see the mountain every morning. Brasov
  is the city of my soul. There I laughed, I lamented, I was happy and I met high-quality
  people. New people. That''s what I love to travel: to discover people, buildings,
  stories, new things. I like to learn from ... walk. I did not expect to find civilized
  and good people. I was amazed and excited. That''s why, whenever I have the opportunity,
  I run there to recharge. I wish with all my heart to come back and build my life
  there. I would like to get older in Brasov, where it is hot air, clean, cold, rain,
  peace. It is a pity that the world leaves Brasov for lack of jobs. Especially young
  people. That struck me. From May to July, 2018, I was a happy, free man, living
  in the city that I love, and yet I missed it because I was away from my child staying
  home. The joy she has given me transforms her into love for Brasov, a clean, beautiful
  city, and good people. Okay, I read in the press and two or three criminals who
  walked freely and made me afraid. But at that time I only knew the service - the
  house.

  I would like to believe that dreams come true and that I will return. I need new,
  good and beautiful people in my life. I need air and beautiful landscapes. I need
  the hope that life in my country will improve and we will live even at a nice old
  age. Although I doubt it. We take care of tomorrow''s days and the lack of jobs
  does not do us well. How can we hope for a better future?

  I love Brasov!'
