Title: Lucky Machu Picchu
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/lucky-machu-picchu
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Francisca Nadin Gracey
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'n February of 2017 my family and I went to Lima, Peru. to reconstruct little
  of our history.

  My parents are Argentines but 24 years ago they went to Peru because my father,
  commercial producer, got a job.

  My mom, dad and sister did not travel there and I was born there. Then they went
  to live in Argentina and I did not go back to Peru.

  In 2017 after having spent 17 years, we returned to Peru.

  The trip started in Lima and there we met the typical neighborhoods, the people
  and their wonderful food but the most surprising thing was knowing the place where
  I was born.

  Then my sister and I decided to go to Cusco and there know the famous Machu Picchu.

  We took a plane and landed in Cusco. A very picturesque city, its streets up and
  down. being higher than lime to much colder.

  The first thing we did was to shrink a Hostel and we went to one not very nice but
  close to the center. The next day we got in vans that brought us to Aguas Calientes,
  the town where one of the eight marrabillas of the World is located.

  We did muvho by car but then the walk started. Two and a half hours walking towards
  the town. The view was beautiful, captivating, very green and a narrow path where
  you could walk.

  When we got to the town we went to a hostel and there we spent the night. At dawn
  we woke up to climb the Machu Picchu. I knew it was a big climb but I could not
  imagine the effort that had to be made to get there.

  The road was very steep, my feet no longer gave, it was cold, it was dark, and the
  path was small steps that you had to climb.

  I took my breath several times, my heart was pounding and I thought I could not
  move forward. I had chosen the difficult road because I wanted to prove to myself
  that I could make it to the top. I kept going up and when I thought it was not over
  anymore, I arrived. Accompanied by many foreigners who had chosen the same path
  as me.

  The place was impressive, I had never seen anything so big before, thousands and
  thousands of years ago built by men. Something incredible.

  I walked the place slowly because I was already tired and when I reached the highest
  point and I could see what was at my feet I realized how close I was to heaven.
  And of all the effort I made to get there. There I felt peace, joy but above all,
  I had more confidence in myself. There I realized that all the effort one makes
  is never in vain.'
