Title: Making a local connection
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/making-a-local-connection
SetInCountry: Cameroon
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: ZACBOUE YOUTAH KENNEDY
AuthorCountry: Cameroon
Text: 'One of the privileges that globalization has brought into the world is interconnected
  ranging from the international level, cutting across continents and streaming down
  to local connection. These has pushed individuals, enterprises, non government organisations,
  associations to group themselves together in order to carryout regalia mission and
  task that will promote micro and macro inclusive peace and development. The goal
  of this local connection is  to create a platform for students, stakeholders, visionaries,
  among others in various domains like international Relations to share their articles
  with the world at large and local community in particular. I am a bonafide Cameroonian
  born to enhanced and promote youth emancipation and education, trying to connect  people
  who share in our vision and idea present  in the world with representatives who
  share the same vision and aspiration for a global constructiveness and connectivity
  as pertain travel experience and writing. We also have as partners local association,
  local community groups, local Non Governmental Organisation base in local communities
  across the world. Therefore we are designed to  have as mission to the shaping,
  sharpening and inspiring a new generation of enlightened international leaders in
  the domain of international relations. Besides, we seek to provide a direct channel
  of communication amongst international students of global affairs, government officials
  and diplomatic stakeholders. Again, we provide a platform in which students publish
  their articles, journal, research which are visible in the international level.
  Above all, we help in career orientation especially in the field of international
  relations and or writings. Therefore local connection will help a lot in  nation-building.Besides,it
  is a non-profit, a political and progressive structure with the mission of fostering
  the cause of peace through formal and informal education, promoting the hard coding
  of principles of good governance in official policy cycles and leveraging leadership
  in sustainable and community-driven development across Africa.To avoid reinventing
  the wheel, the foundation strives to adopt emerging trends and techniques of achieving
  its goals while prioritizing the neglected, albeit significant aspects of pacification,
  governance and development. Against this backdrop, we seek to innovate not imitate,
  all the same to collaborate not compete; to complement not compare.Membership: open
  to all persons irrespective of age, gender, race, ethnicity, creed or social status
  who incarnate the foundational values of civic engagement - integrity, impartiality
  and objectivity.Mode of functioning: advocacy (not activism). "There can be no peace
  without economic and social development, just as development is not possible in
  the absence of peace" (Boutros BoutrosGhali, former United Nations Secretary General).
  "...if development happens [with greater equality], then the chances for conflict,
  violence and extremism go down" (Jim Yong Kim, World Bank Group President . Therefore
  a local connection in any domain requires a vision, creativity, plan of action and
  the main aim is for socio- economic and political development of a country or community'
