Title: Man vs Food
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/man-vs-food
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ilavarasan Daniel
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Hi guys my name is ilavarasan Daniel my age is 19. last year I traveled whole
  India tour, while I traveling through delhi I was Soo hungry and the time is 12.30pm
  I don''t know what to do so i asked driver to go to food corner so he stops car
  at a town and I went to look for hotels, there was no hotels in any street, I was
  like oh my God am done. That time I saw a man closing hotel shutter slowly so I
  ran there and shouted don''t close , hotel owner looks at me and said dinner already
  over ma son, I almost cried and he said I can make you one burger if u are soo hungry.
  I am like please do it quickly sir pls. He gave me the burger and I bought it while
  I opening the parcel I heard a baby screening sound so I went there and looking,
  there was a mother and baby, mother crying some one give food for my child please.
  That''s the minute my eyes are crying and I went to that women and give ma burger
  and told her take this mom give to ur child, she was Soo happy and when I see that
  mother eyes ma hungryness was totally off. So I think my self that God mades me
  hungry and I went to hotel and buy burger all this happen only for that child. That
  is best part of my life. That day from this day I stopped wasting food and I realized
  there are many childrens are suffering from food. After that I went to my parents
  and asked money and bought 50 parcel of lemon rice and gave to all poor peoples
  who suffering from hungry. Thanks to God. This is my best part of trip..... And
  my dream is I want to travel all over the world and am planning for going dubai
  trip next year and gona start vlogging if you guys interested I can shoot videos
  in countrys and give you for your channel.

  Thank you

  By

  Ilavarasan Daniel'
