Title: 'Matera: the motherland that welcomes man in his womb'
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/matera-the-motherland-that-welcomes-man-in-his-womb
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anna Luisa Buongiorno
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Good morning! I spent a weekend in Matera in Basilicata the famous town whose
  name has been particularly popular for some years thanks to the recognition of the
  capital of culture 2019.

  Actually telling Matera in its cultural, historical and environmental value would
  require a long and not unimportant narration. As always I do here, I will just tell
  my experience.


  Matera is the motherland that welcomes man in his womb. Crossed by the Gravina torrent
  that flows into the deep natural ditch that delimits the two ancient districts of
  the city: Sasso Barisano and Sasso Caveoso. On the other side is the Murgia, protected
  by the Regional Natural Archaeological Park of the Rupestrian Churches. UNESCO heritage
  site for its water collection system and cisterns from which its visual sign of
  communication or ''brand destination'' was portrayed, in its most accredited version
  on the occasion of the nomination for capital of European culture 2019. Local gastronomy
  aims for more on the typicality of meat, legumes and homemade pasta. I had dinner
  at Taverna del Caveoso following the advice of a friend (the dishes in the picture)
  but recommended are also the trattoria Le Botteghe and L''arco. The best however
  is the street food with exposed grills and meat platters with a good local red.
  The visit to the MUMSA, the museum of contemporary sculpture included in the evocative
  setting of Palazzo Pomarici (XVI century) with works by artists from all over the
  world, is mandatory; it is the only "cave" museum in the world, where a perfect
  symbiosis between the sculptures and the places sculpted in the Sassi of Matera
  is experienced. The museum spaces, in fact, cover not only the built-up areas of
  the Palace, but also the extensive excavated hypogea. There is therefore for the
  visitor an experience of ideal integration, of intense emotional impact, between
  the secular "cavati" environments by man and contemporary sculpture. On show there
  were drawings taken from Fellini''s Book of Dreams and also particular to see in
  the graphic area there was a work ''consumable'' by the visitor who can carry with
  him one of the sheets of the work''s pile destined to disappear ( details in photo).
  Before you go the unmissable view of Matera from the park of the Murgia of Matera
  reachable by car. A breath of incredible nature.'
