Title: Me as a small particle in the world
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/me-as-a-small-particle-in-the-world
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Maysa  Silva
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'When I got the opportunity to travel to Spain, specifically Madrid and Barcelona
  (well, specifically Madrid, I''ll come up with why later), I was extremely happy
  to finally be able to cross the ocean and experience other cultures. Beforehand,
  let''s start at the beginning, this is a story about a Brazilian, now a graduate
  in International Relations, middle class, the daughter of a government school teacher,
  who breathes History. So it is possible to imagine the ecstasy of being able to
  travel to a cradle of history and culture, in addition to being able to realize
  the dream of knowing Europe.

  Knowing the gift of knowing other places and having other cultural experiences is
  something only the bravest know. For this reason, for a person who wants to explore
  the world, it is always refreshing the taste and the cold in the belly to have a
  next place to register everything, to know even the smallest local interests and
  the culture that covers it. The culture of Spain for Brazil has the shock, but not
  necessarily as if for a country in the Middle East, which collides with Western
  countries as a whole. The way of living is what fascinates most, because Brazil
  has the glamor in ostentation in money, brands and luxury articles that in Spain
  is not noticed - at least it was noticeable to see that Spanish citizens do not
  prefer to dress as if they were the future heirs of inheritance, or clearly demonstrate
  that he has money. In sum, the notable difference that an internationalist sees
  is that Europeans (generalizing by perceiving that people from across Europe cross
  borders on a daily basis and note their customs alike) are from a country whose
  way of living is already in the level of not repairing such details, but of living
  life in a more simplistic and appreciative way.

  In Madrid, despite the deafening chill (for a Brazilian one) of autumn, it was easy
  to be enchanted with every corner, from the most touristy to the residential neighborhoods,
  with each architecture to see the Royal Palace and even humble local shops, with
  every cozy feeling of the city with someone from outside, especially with some souvenir
  dealer. The concern with the afforestation of the city is notorious and much admired
  by the tourists in the enormous park of the Retirement, in which fit several attractions
  and is an appropriate place to spend time with whoever is his company. It is also
  notorious the palate of the city with several desirable sea foods such as Paella,
  and there is also a variation on the city''s menus for those who do not want a food
  from the sea. It was a trip with two more friends, so it was possible to not feel
  lonely as a tourist, but for a first trip to Europe, it may go unnoticed because
  every moment is a new event and a new experience that you may miss just to comment
  with anyone on anything and everything, but can always update via FaceTime.

  In Barcelona we faced the problem of one of my friends getting an intestinal infection,
  which ended up causing a loss of tourism in the city, getting to know only La Sagrada
  Familia and the La Boqueria Market, but now, enriches our stories and adventures
  to tell. The journey you make to a new place, a new reality, is something no one
  can ever take away from you. The trip is an investment that you see it pays off,
  whether professional or is personal, usually the last is the most affected, because
  for each new place, a new identity fits you, a learning experience, and most importantly,
  is the new look at the world, that the world is too big, and we are small inside
  it, we get big with every absorption of knowledge gained from it. You will always
  have more learning, more incredible people to meet, more new foods, more experiences
  with each new trip, the world is great and we, who are just renting a space for
  a while, should take advantage of it and exploit it whenever possible we can impact
  every soul and every territory we know.'
