Title: me for you and me for me
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/me-for-you-and-me-for-me
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: saibrina sethar
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: This travel incident is about my personal opinion that experienced regarding
  travel. traveling gave me such skills to determine who will be sincere person  with
  me who will not. almost four years before i have read a quotation that "if you want
  to know the nature of any person just travel with them". I was given a chance by
  my parents to choose my life partner, i was confused as every girl would be than
  i remind the quotation of travelling i thought it'll be the best way to examine
  for the right person. during all this on of my cousin showed interest and proposed
  me to get marry but my parents were not happy for him as they were not agree or
  think he could be a best choice for me. one day i got a chance to travel with my
  family and with him as well to visit  a sea view. it was great beautiful morning
  we hired a small bus for all family members an took all necessary things with us.
  all members were gone inside the bus only i was left, when i entered the bus last
  seat was left for me i sat there. after a while he came  to me and requested to
  sit with me. i let him sit. he started to talk   about various things after him
  i got my turn to examine him. as i started to ask something he looked to another
  side and start talking i felt as he was not interested to listen to me as he was
  trying to ignore me i understood that he is ignorant person he only want full attention
  for him self but not do not give attention to others. i left asking and offered
  some edible things to him he on the spot got confused and start thinking what to
  choose. i understood he was not a good decision maker. than i said to him just take
  the thing that i like he said yes and took it after a while he just throw that when
  i asked why he did that he replied that he did not like it. i felt as he even can
  not give respect to others thoughts. as we were very near  to reach our destination
  i noticed he staring a girl continuously from the bus, as bus stopped we all came
  out from the bus and set our camp there. we all decided to take lunch first than
  will go to have ride on boat after a while he said that he needs to get refresh
  and went as he was looking for someone i followed him without letting him know i
  saw he met that same girl at whom he was staring from bus and started fighting with
  her abusing her after it all happened he left from there i went closure to that
  girl and ask what was the matter she told me he has cheated her and now as she has
  a new partner he is behaving like this than i asked  why he was doing so as there
  nothing left between both of them she cried and told me that he is such an irresponsible  disrespectful,
  selfish conservative mind and cheater person no one can trust him ever i went to
  my parents immediately and asked about him my parents told me the same i smiled
  and realized that what i experienced while travelling with him  was totally correct.
  than i realized a person can be examined through his small habits and things he
  does. that my first experience gave such skills to know what kind of nature any
  person bears. after coming back to home i thank god and refused his proposal to
  get marry with him. after hearing re-fusion he started to treat me same as he treated
  that girl i just avoided and now i am very much happy of my decision.
