Title: Meeting Gustav Klimt
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/meeting-gustav-klimt
SetInCountry: Austria
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Sof\xEDa Guzm\xE1n"
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'Almost two years ago, I decided to take the oportunity of an academic exchange,
  and evento tough I wanted to go to Canada, I ended going to Spain. Before I went
  yo Spain and after I arrived, one thought gave me the courage to say goodbye to
  my family and to face my new life in Spain: The fact that un any moment I was going
  to meet the city of my dreams: Vienna.

  I love Vienna because of its history and buildings, but mostly because my favorite
  artist, Gustav Klimt, lived there.

  So finally came the day when I visited Vienna and it was better than I could hace
  ever imagined. Just being there I felt like I was home, I felt the most glorious
  peace, and I felt art facing me from every corner.

  On my second day in Vienna, I of course visited the Belvedere Palace, where some
  of the greatest art works of Gustav Klimt remain, including my favorite: the kiss.

  I was really nervous when I arrived to the Palace, I felt like I was really going
  to meet with the artist, so my heart thundered un my chest at an imposible speed,
  but I acted calm on the outside.

  I pay for an audioguide so I could really apreciate all the artworks there and not
  only rush into the kiss, but as I got close I could feel tickles in my skin and
  my legs shaking. I walked slowly around the palace, taking pictures of the paintings
  I liked and hearing their story, but after 3 floors, I finally arrived to Gustav
  Klimts hall, and the first thing my eyes catched was the magnificent painting I
  was hoping to see all the past years. My heart just stopped, suddenly, as my eyes
  captured every detail, every color and every layer. I just sat there, in awe, processing
  the painting while the audioguide talked about it. Moments later, I realized I was
  crying, I wanted to stay there, watching the masterpiece eternaly.

  It pained me to see other tourists arriving there and only taking a picture, without
  even looking at it, I didnt understood why they couldnt feel the power, the love
  and the passion in it, what would Gustav think of it? Of how people just made it
  famous without really undestanding it.

  Toughtful, I continued my trip, saying goodbye to the kiss and meeting the other
  familiar works from Gustav.

  But when I returned to Vienna''s streets, I decided I had to thank Gustav in some
  way, to tell him that some people like me understood his work, or tried to, that
  I was grateful for that feeling of faith in humanity restored and love that his
  work gave to me. So I searched where he was Buried, and I took the 3 hours walk
  to the place.

  It was difficult to get there, because it was almost snowing, with a lot of humidity
  so I was cold and wet, and I got lost a few times. Actually when I arrived to the
  graveyard, I didn''t knew where to start looking because there was a thousand graves
  everywhere and there was no one to ask nor map to look, but I started walking anyway,
  hoping for a lucky strike, and it came when I found two old ladys that guided me
  towards the grave, only one spoke english so the other one spoke to me in german
  even tough I told her I didn''t spoke it at all, but I understood she was upset
  with me for traveling alone. When we arrived, they made sure I knew how to exit
  and leaved. I waited to be all alone and then I sat facing the grave. I felt sad
  that the grave seemed a little left behind, without flowers like the others had.
  But I started to talk to Gustav, to say how much I had discovered in his paintings
  and what they meant to me. After a while being there, I noticed that the sky was
  getting dark, so I promessed him  I would never forget him and his work and I leaved,
  having the crazy feeling he had listened.'
