Title: Memories of submerged Village
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/memories-of-submerged-village
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: shalaka shet teli
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'When I was at Goa in the month of may,I thought of exploring new place other
  than Beaches and Pubs.I thought of visiting Sanguem taluka to explore some ecofriendly
  places.Immediately I hired one scooter and took the way towards it .

  When I reached there I could see the signboards of Salaulim dam and I took a road
  straight towards it.Salaulim dam, ahh what a beautiful place!! .I was mesmerized
  to see the place. While walking on a dam area ,on one side I could see the catchment
  area of dam full with water and part of forest submerged in it .On the other side
  are manicured botanical and rock gardens with sprawling lawns. After that I spoke
  for a while with the Chief Engineer over there and got to know few things about
  the dam.So as per his knowledge technically it is an earthen dam built at an height
  of 140ft.The unique feature I noticed was its semicircular groove which lets the
  excess water down through ungated duckbill spilway which then falls down to 50ft
  at first level and another 100ft down the river.During heavy flow the flowing water
  looks like a waterfall but I could see only a stream flowing.I was surprised to
  see the structure.

  All this while I was noticing one fellow starring at the water from so long , I
  just went to him and tried speaking with him.And something unexpected happened after
  that .That fellow named Ganesh was a local resident of village nearby I had a conversation
  with him and got to know how he sacrificed his land ,his home for the sake of the
  dam.He was just chilling out over there for a while.

  Ganesh suggested me to visit one more the place and asked me to come with him.I
  was happy to venture one more location and took him with me on my scooter.We took
  a road from the dense jungle for almost 20km from the dam and reached the destination
  .I was ashtonished to look at the place it was none other than the submerged village
  Curdi which rise every year in the month of may.I had never expected to see such
  a place in Goa.

  Ganesh took me for a round of the village and shared some experiences of the locals.He
  also told how the government compensated the families with agricultural land and
  land for housing purpose at Vade and Valkini. The construction of Salaulim dam began
  around 1975-1976. As a few areas of the village started submerging, the affected
  families started migrating to the land that they were allotted at Vade and Valkini.
  Some families stayed back but when the water started overflowing, they were left
  with no other option then to relocate.

  The construction of Selaulim dam proved to be beneficial for Goa but it was also
  a reason to relocate over 400 families away from their ancestral land. The villagers
  of Curdi sacrificed for the self sufficiency of Goa and for betterment of Goans.I
  was almost in tears when I heard his stories.

  Now the village completely remaind submerged in water from months June to mid april
  and rises from water once a year in the month of may till mid-june.

  While Ganesh was busy reliving his memories , I thought of going little deep into
  it .I saw the unbiased structure which used to be a market of the village ;It was
  dual floored broken building with some shops .I could also see some broken houses
  and wells too which helped me visualise the entire village .

  Then I noticed something strange and that is Someshwar temple ,the only structure
  that still remains intact in Curdi village even after the whole village was submerged.Close
  to the temple I saw some Dolmens and other stone structures. It is totally surrounded
  by water all the year except from March to mid june ,the walls of temple consist
  of laterite stone and mud but still remaines unaffected.I went inside the temple
  and prayed for a while it waslike being in other world.I wish I could spend little
  time over there but it was time to leave.As it is believed that no one should stay
  at the place after 6pm.'
