Title: 'Mexico: At the bottom of a surface'
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/mexico-at-the-bottom-of-a-surface
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Natalia Ang\xE9lica Duarte Pinto"
AuthorCountry: Colombia
Text: 'Traits of indigenous transcendence, streets filled with smiling people, children
  playing, itinerants, students and others. The sun came out late in the morning and
  the day seemed not to start very early. Mexico had been the perfect opportunity
  for me to discover the concept of culture and cultural diversity. Its streets full
  of colors and history tell the development of an ethnic culture that has still entrenched
  values and customs. Events like the day of the dead, independence, the Day of the
  Virgin of Guadalupe take you to another world, like a great bubble of customs and
  thoughts that encompass you, change you, fill you with light.


  It arrived on November 2 in the afternoon, the bread of the dead and the chocolate
  began to smell in every street, every house and restaurant. The day of the dead
  was commemorated, people began to make altars in their homes, colleges and universities
  with photographs of deceased relatives and all kinds of foods that these people
  loved to eat. With flowers and candles the people gather around the altar with songs
  and dances to remind those who are no longer there, those who one day existed and
  who are now somewhere in space. People cry, laugh, unite and remember the meaning
  of family, to bring to mind the souls of loved ones. Legend has it that during the
  midnight of the day of the dead the deceased come to the altars and taste the food
  left there. The next day some of these foods are started or in half.


  Colors, "mariachis"  and smiles. Mexico was the perfect place to leave the world
  behind and the problems it brings day to day. Mexico taught me little by little
  to want more, to be passionate, to love, to be spiritual. Mexicans make you feel
  at home, they make you want to be Mexican, you feel at home since you cross the
  limits of the country mounted on an airplane. It''s indisputable that you want to
  stay. Workers '' salaries are one of the lowest in Latin America, yet people work
  enthusiastically, smile at you, hug you with their souls and with their pleasing
  faces.


  Mexican food takes you to the best places in paradise. The mixture of flavors, colors
  and smells, the "tacos" always make you remember, the beans that are consumed almost
  every day at any time. Not a good place to diet, but here you discover the wonder
  of trying what you do not know, admire the different.


  I found a sea of possibilities to get here and describe a country so multicultural
  can sometimes be a bit biased. I would go back as many times as necessary. Thanks
  to Mexico for giving me the opportunity to turn on its horizons, to tangle between
  its streets and its people, between its color, its taste and its joy.'
