Title: Miles of City
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/miles-of-city
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Elna Titto
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: A pilgrimage to Fatima, a small place in Portugal was 10 year long prayers come
  true. After many research on Portugal and the small town Fatima, booking the cheapest
  hotel in the city and the most reasonable hotel apartment in the city. The journey
  was an adventure for my family of five. Different emotions were meant to be handled.
  My parents and their fear of safety in an unknown country. The foodie inside me
  started following all kinds of fancy food places and favourite bloggers. My younger
  sisters were too indulged into learning places and languages. It was a package with
  the best ingredients. The exchange rates were just not my favourite part, but the
  joy of alcohol with any food order was kind of fascinating. Travelling from the
  city that never sleeps to that city which sleeps after 8pm we were looking forward
  to many more. We landed in the morning where the temperature was chilling for someone
  going from the Middle East.  The perfectly paved streets which had either a thirty-degree
  inclination or thirty-degree declination just added the beauty. When historical
  characters were seen in metal statues, and the mystique background locations for
  all Indian film songs was a pleasure to touch and feel. Slowly I realized the beauty
  of the city is not the stones or bricks but the stories behind the smiles we see
  on the way. The non-stop speaker in me rose and started with body language as all
  knew, and I only knew English. Then I met a lot of beautiful souls who stay close
  to miracles and the so-called history. Everyone had a story of lost love, miraculous
  healing, magic which happens in life the so-called fate and much more. Alcohol was
  reasonable, dogs were all around, ham and cheese was stapled diet, and the city
  is just laid back like me. It is nice to go to a place where no one judges on your
  skin colour and countries like Portugal never let me down. On the way back the charming
  Portuguese airline staff was all that I needed to fall in love with that place.
  When he said my name with a broad smile and Portuguese accent trust me it never
  sounded so well.  My love story doesn't end until I stop it.
