Title: Miracles Walking the El Camino Santiago
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/miracles-walking-the-el-camino-santiago
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: MICKEY FORTIN
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The saying that the Camino calls you, you don't call it is true. I became hooked,
  reading story after story about the magic of walking one of the worlds oldest spiritual
  pilgrimages, the El Camino de Santiago, aka The Trail of St. James. It dates back
  to the 7th century. The mystique of walking through mist shrouded Beechwood forests
  in France's Pyrenees mountains was an adventure of a lifetime, one I will always
  remember and cherish. Trekking the Camino, proved to be more than incredible, exceeding
  all expectations. Seeing the vista views of the Spanish plains blanketed in seas
  of magnificent red poppies was more beauty than I had ever seen before, and left
  me completely in awe, and momentarily speechless. Being there I experienced a beautiful,
  unexplainable connection between nature and our creator like never before. For centuries
  walking pilgrims have made claims that the Camino always provides, no matter what
  it might be; bandages, water, food, medicine or comfort. And much too my surprise,
  incredibly it was true. Everyone looks after one another, a brotherhood/sisterhood
  truly exists allowing the goodness of humanity to really shine. During my pilgrimage
  rumors circulated about a blind man walking the 500 mile journey making me wonder
  how was this possible? I had difficulty while having eyesight traversing the rugged
  terrain, a blind person doing it seemed absurdly miraculous until I discovered this
  was no ordinary man on this adventure, this was an American soldier, an elite member
  of our special forces, a Green Beret. His eyesight lost in a mortar attack while
  serving in war torn Iraq. Major Ivan Castro two years earlier had joined his royal
  friend and soldier, England's Prince Harry in a Wounded Warrior's race to Antarctica's
  South Pole. I guessed this Camino must have been a cake walk for him after his previous
  adventure. As fate would have it, one evening while dining alone I met this hero.
  He sat at a large table with his entourage as I watched him engage in conversation,
  but noticed he never looked directly at anyone. There was lull in conversation,
  so I asked, "Sir would your name Ivan by any chance? Yes, I'm Ivan was his reply,
  why do you ask? I heard about you I. Oh yea, what kind of BS did you hear, it's
  probably all true"? We all laughed and I instantly felt a kinship towards him. With
  tears in my eyes, I thanked him for his service and his sacrifice. After dinner
  we all went to the hotel to watch Europe's obsession, soccer's World Cup. Before
  the evening ended I asked Ivan if I could have the honor of walking the Camino with
  him. Much to my surprise he said, "Sure why not, just know we leave early, really
  early, around 5am. I sat in disbelief at the thought I would be walking with a true
  hero especially after learning Ivan had run over 70 marathon's, tandem bicycled
  3 times across America and was the first blind American trek to the South Pole.
  The next morning I awoke early, 4am. I wanted to make sure I did not miss this once
  in a lifetime opportunity to walk with greatness. I became even more surprised to
  learn he co-authored a best selling novel, FIGHTING BLIND, with renowned writer
  Jim De Felice, who wrote the book AMERICAN SNIPER. I have difficulty finding the
  appropriate words to describe this surreal moment we shared. Meeting Ivan was the
  highlight of my pilgrimage leaving me to ask myself one question? Where is my next
  adventure taking me and who will I meet next?
