Title: Monasteries, mountains, and mutts
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/monasteries-mountains-and-mutts
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Brett Nagel
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: It was Friday, my wife and I had just arrived in Chiang Mai from Bangkok the
  night before. Our hotel front desk calls us at 5am, and we have no idea why. Then
  it dawns on us. We scheduled a tour of Buddhist temples today, and completely forgot
  about it. It takes us a few moments to become coherent enough for a decision to
  get dressed and stumble out of our room. Upon arriving at the lobby, we are greeted
  by Nun (pronounced nyoon). Nun tells us we are visiting 3 temples today, and we
  are in luck because we will see the sunrise over Chiang Mai from the mountains.
  We begin our drive, and find Nun to be so charming, welcoming, and well educated
  that the early morning fog lifts from our brains and we chat about all things Nun.
  He tells us he had been a monk for 6 years. Becoming a monk is required as a male
  Buddhist in Thailand (most boys opt for the two week, summer camp approach.) Nun
  tells us his family made his stay longer because they were poorer, and it offered
  a decent education. Nun tells us he left the temple to go to college, but loves
  keeping in touch with his friends at all the temples and showing tourists the beauty
  and history behind the structures. We arrived at Wat Prathat Doi Suthep. Still dark,
  dimly lit lights illuminated the seemingly endless staircase ahead of us. We climbed,
  and razzed each other about how out of shape we all were. We made it to the top,
  and were greeted first not by monks, but loose dogs. We are dog people to the core
  and found out Nun was too having one of his own, and having a favorite at the temple,
  Tiger. We were so excited by our new friendly four legged companions that we almost
  forgot our reason to be here. Tiger followed us the whole time were were there.
  Nun brought us to the monks, already deep into their morning chant recital. Nun
  then brought us to what is normally an awe inspiring view of the city from atop
  a mountain, today dampened slightly because of clouds and fog. Still, quite a beautiful
  sight. Nun might as well have chosen to be a professional photographer, because
  he handled our iPhones like Ansel Adams, getting every view and playing to the minimal
  light we had. We gave offerings to the monks, and walked back to the road to move
  onto the next temple. Nun ran across the street for a second, and brought us breakfast,
  some TFC (thai fried chicken, Nun said jokingly), a bbq chicken skewer, and a puck
  of rice. We drove downhill to Wat Pha Lat, a gorgeous temple in the middle of the
  forest. Nun took us around, and explained that the dogs here are less friendly.
  Here, Nun took the best picture of our SE Asia trip, my wife and I crossing a river
  on an aged bamboo bridge, only showing our silhouettes with the lush greenery surrounding
  us. Pha Lat was beautiful, but small. We navigated it quickly and made our way to
  the third and last temple. We arrived at Wat Umong in the hottest park of the day.
  Thankfully we had a forest canopy to keep us shaded. Nun gave us bug spray, and
  giggled that the bugs are about to drive us crazy. Nun taught us about the 700 year
  old structures housed the remains of kings and queens. We saw wild animals roaming
  through, as well as bulls, deer and peacocks. We wanted a picture with Nun before
  our tour ended, so he made friends with a local, sharing laughs (something he did
  everywhere we went), and got the local to take our picture. We made our way back
  to the hotel. Nun told us on days he isn't running this tour, he still helps his
  mother in the rice fields of northeast Thailand, even though the tour brings more
  than enough money, and he speaks 3 languages to get a larger audience. We parted
  ways, still smitten with our new friend, and our favorite experience in SE Asia.
