Title: Money Really Does Not Buy Happiness
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/money-really-does-not-buy-happiness
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Stephanie Williams
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'It was the Spring of 2018 (well at least Spring in my home country; South Africa),
  that I decided to satisfy my restless spirit and take a 8 day trip to Thailand.
  I''ve read probably about a million articles about the country and seen over two
  million videos but nothing could prepare me for my time there. I knew it was a country
  filled with amazing natural scenery but I did not expect it to be that beautiful.
  It literally blew my mind from the minute we landed - although I do think the heat
  could be the reason for this. I expected it to be very humid, but nothing like that.
  It was a type of heat that I''ve never experienced in my entire twenty-six years
  on this planet!


  Upon landing, we were picked up by two very friendly gentlemen who escorted us to
  our hotel, which was roughly about an hour''s drive away. Normally when I''m cranky
  and tired AND hungry, an hour feels like eight hours to me, but somehow this drive
  went by so quick. Although it was dark and there was literally nothing to see outside
  except cars flashy lights, our driver kept us entertained with silly stories about
  the country, which places to visit as well as entertaining us by singing along to
  the tunes in the background. I remember thinking to myself, its almost 1am, where
  in the world is he getting all this energy from. He was so friendly and willing
  to answer any questions we were asking and when we finally got to our hotel I felt
  a bit sad, thinking I''m never going to see this 1am energetic cab driver.


  After just a day in the country, where we did a short boat trip and visited the
  local stores I realised that there are "1am energetic cab drivers" everywhere! Except
  that they are not all cab drivers and they are not energetic - this is the natural
  aura they give off and are just generally happy! My mind was blown! I never expected
  to find this many genuinely happy people, and not because I thought it was impossible
  but because I had this naive train of thought that the country was very poor and
  mostly depend on tourists to boost the economy, so how could they be genuinely happy.
  I''ve seen the same people work at tourist sites and then would see them working
  at the night markets yet they had smiles on their faces that just wouldn''t come
  off. It was genuine smiles! As in genuine!


  They made me appreciate the little I have more. I always thought you needed a lot
  in life to be happy, but after spending time in Thailand, talking to the locals,
  learning more about their culture, I was brought down to earth like nothing before.
  They made me realise that money does not buy happiness, that you can be satisfied
  with the little you have, that I need to appreciate the one job I have more. That
  even if I have little, I can still help and give to others.


  People always say travel changes you, that you only know who you are in this world
  when you fleet from your comfort shown, that you never know as much as you think
  you do about other countries. Let me tell you something, people are right. So much
  as changed about me since returning back to South Africa after Thailand. I booked
  my trip with the mentality of me going on a luxurious vacay, exploring waterfalls,
  drinking all kinds of tea and living my best life. I didn''t expect to find so much
  happiness there, I didn''t expect to feel so sad yet so grateful that there''s people
  like that around there, I didn''t expect to come home with a heart filled with an
  overwhelming sense of appreciation for all I have and for all I''ve seen. I didn''t
  expect to long more after a other country, its people and its culture more than
  I do for my own. More than anything, I didn''t expect to find pieces of myself there,
  pieces I will cherish for life, pieces I will love and forever be grateful for.'
