Title: MontREAL Love
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/montreal-love
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Stephen Haring
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: '"What''s the meaning of all this?"


  "The real love we felt, the kind that spewed from St. Catherine Street at 1:00AM
  with you in my arms, that''s the meaning to it all."


  "But it wasn''t real."


  "Were you happy?"


  "Yes- I... We, we were so happy in Montreal. We were so young and scared but we
  were both so free. We were... how would you even describe it? Alive? Yeah, we were
  alive. I loved it, I never knew love until then but at that moment, I knew. We both
  did.


  The carelessness, the recklessness, the going forward ''into the unknown''; it was
  an exhilarating experience that I''ve never recognized before (or after). We knew
  so little yet felt so much, felt every bit of it. The whole experience was like
  a dream, and hell, maybe it was.


  We got there on July 30th, and we were unleashed upon this new foreign city. Things
  in St. John''s were starting to get stale, but in Montreal, everything was different...
  everything was better: the weather was warmer, the time moved slower, your smile
  was bigger... so was mine. Even the coffee tasted different (I remember you saying
  that, as I only drink tea).


  We cared for each other there, but it was that city that took care of us. The culture
  and happiness we experienced cannot be put into words, it was just true life. We
  were able to run into the darkness without any fear, because the city was with us,
  we had learned so much from it, it was-"


  "But you just said it cannot be put into words."


  "That is true, it can''t. What I''m saying doesn''t even scrape the surface when
  it comes to the emotions we felt on that trip. There is no one word or sentence
  that can be used to encapsulate the whole experience. It wasn''t pleasure because
  it was more than that, it wasn''t love either for the same reason. It was so much
  more.


  What word would you use to describe standing in the centuries old Notre-Dame Basilica,
  a place so silent and small, yet so grand and beautiful? How about being twenty
  feet away from Sam Melo with you in my arms, as he belches ''Cocaine Jesus'' in
  the thirty degree heat? Or getting pizza in the bustling city square at the crack
  of midnight, and watching a homeless man get a free slice of pizza because he hadn''t
  eaten a meal in days. How do you describe that feeling in words?


  That''s just the majesty of travel. It''s the experience, and living in the moment.
  It''s realizing that August 1, 2018 will never happen again so ''Yes! Let''s absolutely
  go get chimichangas at Three Amigo''s''. It''s cherishing these events (because
  they''re gone in the blink of an eye) and retaining their beauty long after they''ve
  passed."


  "So it was real love?"


  "Well..."


  "Go on, you know well enough that it-"


  "Yes! Yes... It was absolutely real love. It was everything that I''ve ever wanted
  and it''s everything that I want at this very moment. We were both enthralled by
  the whole thing. The city, the people, the nightlife, the culture, the nature, the
  architecture... each other.


  It''s over now though, not just the trip but... you know."


  "Yeah."


  "..."


  "Do you have any regrets? Anything you''d change?"


  "No, definitely not."


  "You sound certain."


  "I am. You can''t just change the past and I wouldn''t want to. There''s so many
  things that I am so happy to be able to look back on. A trip like that doesn''t
  just happen; it''s not something you can formulate or script. It was the most human
  experience of my life and I wouldn''t change a thing about it... and what happened
  after, well... I wouldn''t change that either. Our travels and our adventures are
  what shape who we are. Some could argue that it wasn''t real love, but they weren''t
  there. In Montreal it was just us two; it was forever. I''ll never lose those memories,
  that feeling of real love that we had in that beautiful city."


  "Then there''s your answer."'
