Title: 'Morocco '
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/morocco
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Abdelaziz  Outassourt
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'think the exposure to new places and new people can be really reviving personally
  and also eye opening to see how other people live. To see how life functions, whether
  human or natural life, in other places is really humbling. It''s easy to have your
  status quo at home, but as soon as you''re in a new place - all bets are off. You
  can do anything, and are so willing to try new stuff to push your own boundaries
  purely because you''re in a new place."

  "I love to travel because not only is it the ultimate adventure but it also exposes
  you to new types of people, different ways of living, and opens up your mind. I
  just like to walk around in beautiful places that resemble the shire from Lord of
  the Rings while exploring new culinary terrains."Traveling reminds me that my life
  isn''t the only one I could live and that in the grand scheme of things, I''m pretty
  unimportant to this world we live in. People get so caught up in their daily lives
  and forget that they can be somewhere or someone else tomorrow if they''d like.
  There are no limits in the grand scheme of things except the ones we create for
  ourselves. Traveling helps make sure I don''t forget that."

  "Travel puts me out of my comfort zone and inherently breeds challenge. I''m a firm
  believer that challenge leads to curiosity, maturity and growth."

  "I use travel as an escape from daily life. Having future trips already planned
  brings me joy and gives me something to look forward to. I''ve never regretted a
  single trip I''ve taken.

  "I love to travel for a few reasons. First, you automatically become a naturally
  curious being. You are a traveler, tourist, backpacker, etc and even the most basic
  thing on a trip becomes an adventure - like catching a bus between cities. Second,
  you are hyper aware of your surroundings and appreciate the beauty or intrigue of
  a new land and culture! Third, when I travel and then return home, I see home in
  a whole new light. For example when I studied abroad in Buenos Aires and came back
  to NOLA, I realized there was so much more exploring of my own city that I needed
  to do and I was excited and motivated to do that, whereas before I was stuck in
  my daily routine."When I think about travel, I mostly think about traveling solo.
  I love it because it displaces you. In a state displacement you experience wonder,
  discovery, awe, discomfort. If you go with an open mind, you discover things about
  yourself, about others and about the world you would have not learned otherwise.
  It opens you up, turns on new lights so you can see and experience the world in
  a new way- even when you go ''home''. We get so involved in our current environments
  and lives - the chance to step out and explore and experience elsewhere gives us
  perspective and often provides new lenses with which we can see and think about
  who we are, what are doing with our lives and what we care about. The whole experience
  is filled with all these beautiful and crazy colors and feelings."discovery part
  of it... I like to explore new things, new places, new views, new people, new everything...There
  are many ways to explore new things, but traveling is the most satisfactory as it
  is the most comprehensive way as it encompasses many elements from views to people
  to foods etc. I also like getting away from the routine, and the daily chores and
  daily work and daily life and have a kind of a break from reality if you want...
  On the other hand with all the new crazy security issues, travel is not so "free
  spirited" anymore, as now one has to keep in mind and be aware and even worry a
  bit when traveling, when in the past the idea of travel was to get away from worries."

  "I like to travel so that I don''t have to text anyone for a week life is good with
  different people  different cultures and traditions peace and love for all humanity'
