Title: Mother Issa
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/mother-issa
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ifeanyi Ogbo
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: 'I had not expected the death of my mother to hit me that hard, in retrospect
  I had the innocence of a child on life and death, I expected my mother to be an
  ever-present gift in my life like the sky above us all but I learnt in a hard way
  that life is transitional.


  After her burial which took 2 weeks due to traditional Nigerian celebratory rites,
  I needed a break. I decided to go to a place with lots of glitz and lights, skyscrapers
  that will give my neck ''the giraffe effect'' and beaches where I could hold a staring
  contest with the sea, a place of fast cars and happy nights dancing away my pain.
  Dubai fitted the bill and in a month I boarded a midnight plane to the city of Gold.


  I stayed in a room in JBR(Jumeirah Beach Residence) where I had a view of the sea.
  I woke up every morning to the wind hitting the windows and rattling them musically,
  From the window panes I could see all the people on the shore and the paragliders
  up in the sky. My morning routine involved running on the beach and browsing through
  the little shops by the beach side. It was during one of these mornings I met Mother
  Issa.


  She owned a delightfully rustic coffee shop by the beach side, and in no time, over
  coffee and muffins, we became friends. Maybe it was the fact that I lost my mother
  about two months ago or perhaps it was her warm nature that made us bond so quickly.
  Coincidentally she lost her only son and husband three years ago in the Syrian war
  and understood the language of loss.


  The interesting thing about our friendship is mother Issa spoke in broken English
  interspersed with Arabic but we were able to communicate well. Through her, I learnt
  that the heart of communication was all about listening and trying to understand
  the other party. She told me about the Syrian war through words and pictures in
  a way that made me understand it better than the media had portrayed. She told me
  of losing her son and husband during a bombing raid and how she and her two daughters
  fled to Beirut before moving here. Through her stories, i travelled with her memory
  to the days when she was a younger maiden living in Damascus and working in a textile
  factory, days when she woke up to the bells of  old churches, days when orchards
  bloomed wildly perfuming the winding streets, and nights when everyone gathered
  outside to listen to ancient tales under the moon. Every day, we broke bread and
  shared our life stories.


  It''s funny because I thought I''ll get better by putting the memory of my mother
  away but through Mother Issa, I healed by remembering and sharing stories of my
  mother. In a rustic coffee shop by a deep blue sea in the city of Gold, I found
  peace, a friend, and another mother. It was nothing like the glitz and glamour I
  wanted, but it was everything I needed.'
