Title: Motorcycling Back Roads Across America
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/motorcycling-back-roads-across-america
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Noel Tognazzini
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'As I was the leaving this mornings breakfast at a roadside diner, a cashier
  with smiling eyes cautioned me, when I explained my direction of travel: "there''s
  a whole lotta nothing that way." Indeed she was right, immediately upon leaving
  the restaurant I saw a sign that said "next services, 83 miles" and I was back onto
  Texas-like straight roads as I headed to Route 50, the so-called "Loneliest Road
  in America."


  About 90 miles later, there was a Visitor''s Center for the Great Basin National
  Park located where State Highway 21 meets Route 50. I briefly stopped there and
  enjoyed some interesting conversations with other visitors. I haven''t decided whether
  it the fact that I''m traveling by motorcycle or just the fact that I''m alone that
  people seemed more willing to engage in conversation. Perhaps a little of both.
  I decided to forgo the one hour detour it would take to travel to the actual park
  and continued on the "Loneliest Road."


  The "Loneliest Road" is rightfully named as there virtually no traffic and, but
  for a very few towns, nearly no houses nor structures of any kind in sight. Just
  miles and miles a straight roads on desert landscape. Now I must explain that the
  road was not uninteresting nor lacking in beauty -- as it felt like I was traveling
  through a continuous series of large craters. But straight riding on a motorcycle
  does get monotonous regardless of the beauty of the scenery. By the time I had gone
  225 miles through this "whole lotta nothing," I was in a small, run-down town of
  Eureka, Nevada where I found an acceptable motel for the night. I fell asleep easily,
  dreaming of the beautiful and exciting curvy roads ahead in in the mountains of
  California and the Pacific Northwest.'
