Title: Mumbai&#39;s autowallahs are a gem
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/mumbai-s-autowallahs-are-a-gem
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Fatema  Kagalwala
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'This is an episode from my life that I am going to, someday, make into a film.
  Yet another episode of a warm encounter with Mumbai''s autowallahs, one in many,
  over a period of a long time.


  Once, I was on my way to meet a Professor and me being me, was right in the nick
  of time so I had skipped eating totally to make it in time. I wanted to be alert
  and energetic for the meeting, since I was excited about it so was really feeling
  the need to eat. A little while into the journey (I was going Andheri-Kandivali)
  I asked the autodriver if it would be possible to stop at the next roadside wada
  pav (a quick snack) stall for a few minutes? ''I''ve skipped lunch since it was
  getting late so I thought I will pack something and eat on the way,'' I explained
  to him. I explained because I don''t like being rude to autodrivers and equally
  dislike them being rude to me. Also, if my time has a premium, doesn''t his? He
  immediately jumped! ''Arre, you should have told me earlier no? At that last turning
  there was a good shop. Ok, in Goregaon there is a shop, it''s on the way, we will
  stop there.'' Half my energy was refreshed right there. He merrily (and warmly went
  on), ''But Madam, don''t do this. Don''t neglect your health for work, or for anything.
  Eat on time please, it does not matter if you are late by few minutes. Only if we
  eat can we work, no?"


  Feeling very appropriately mothered and welcoming it I said some thing, I don''t
  remember. But it was the kind of thing I tell my mother when she worries about my
  eating habits.


  We went on in search of a wada pav place. We found one on the way, I told him to
  stop. He looked to his left, inspected the shop in a second and refused to even
  slow down. ''No, that is all gone cold, a little ahead we will find one shop where
  they fry fresh wadas at this time. Hot, hot'' I couldn''t stop smiling, I wanted
  to hug him.


  We found the shop, I skipped out in a hurry. ''Take it easy Madam, aaramse,'' I
  turned and asked him if he would like something?, ''Bhajji pav'', he said smiling
  very widely.


  I went and packed all our goodies and came back. The auto was parked at a turning
  where other autos were parked too. The drivers, 2,3 of them turned and looked at
  me as I handed him a bhajji pav. He smiled at them (a little proudly) and waved,
  they had been talking I could see from a distance. They smiled back as we rode of.
  I smiled back too.There was so much friendship around.


  He dropped me to my destination, we had to look for some landmarks which he happily
  did for me. I got off, feeling fuller than any wada pavs could have made me feel.
  I paid him, said thanks, and told him, ''Bhaiyya, pls eat the bhajji pav na, it
  will go cold.''


  He hadn''t eaten his hot because then he wouldn''t be able to drive and I would
  be late.'
