Title: My brothers building MyDubai
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-brothers-building-mydubai
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Mohsin Mushtaq
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: 'I traveled on, lived on and visited most parts of Dubai on a Flatbed trailer
  for a month during my long long waited trip to the United States of Emirates UAE.

  Being a software engineer it was very unusual thing to do but the reason I wanted
  to do this is that I belong to the South Asian region of the world and I have seen
  many leaving homes and families for Dubai to work there and look for oppertunities
  out there in the new center of commercial world.

  But when I landed at the airport I saw many other nationals from around the world
  and I couldn''t see the justifiable number of my people on front to that left their
  homes and families in front of my eyes, I was feeling like why are they missing?
  I stepped out of the airport and saw those jaw droping wonders. I asked myself who
  would have build this concrete jungle in the blazing heats of the desert.

  One of my old friend was in transportation business there in Dubai, who I was no
  longer in touch with to be honest. until he called me on seeing my social media
  feed from Dubai. since we are very hospitile so he wanted to be my host.

  He offered me to join him on his job, on the 18 meter long trailer which carries
  all sorts of heavy loads and scares us with its momentum while it passes by our
  cars on the road.

  He showed me an onboard single bed inside the temprature controlled cabin, which
  we were going to share, wow. and a sort of kitchen outside under the surface of
  loading unit with a water tank for washing and cleaning.

  I grab my bag that also included a loptop and a cellular internet since I was working
  remotly during this uniquely adventurous trip.

  With that massively generous offer I now had access to all the groaning factories
  and manufacturing units of famous companies in Dubai. That also gave me access to
  the labour crowded construction sites of new iconic stuctures under non stop, rapid
  raging operations of construction.

  I saw workers swarming around  collective operations, running all sorts of heavy
  construction equipment, wearing similiar safety uniforms, sweating and shouting,
  passing signals, moving objects in a kind controlled chaos. It was the winter time,
  January but with no signs of winter, Bright sun and shining sand made a clear picture
  of summer. I could relate it to the kind of summer I was use to of in my countary,
  35-40C on average. I couldn''t imagine how it will be like to work in the summer
  on the same site under the same sun. I asked with a terrified face! Yes they work
  non stop, either it be the summer or winter, dawn or dusk. Only the wheel stops
  at the time of peak heats in summer for 3 hours.

  I as a software engineer would ask for that wage for one day of my work that they
  were getting for a Month.

  I met Crane operators who mentioned their services on the most iconic structures
  that we now look and admire that how great the rulers of this land were to envision
  this.

  I saw men who carried heavy loads on big machines to fill the vast oceans to make
  lasgest man made islands.

  I interviewed factory workers who molded irons and plastics to create mammonth sized
  accessories to fit in the wonder structures. They showed me their barracks having
  stacked single beds, watering and mostly busy small bathrooms with stinging smell
  due to crowd use that makes them non cleanable anymore. There kitchens were part
  of the living spaces I saw food ingredients and food on small spaces around their
  sitting cum sleeping spaces. They are transported to the sites early to work their
  shifts and droped back in those barracks, one sites completes and they go to another.
  All sites will be completed and they will be sent back to their homes. They were
  my people my brothers I found them, I heard them, they were there where they were
  building Dubai and They were not where it was built.'
