Title: 'My Bangladeshi Adventure '
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-bangladeshi-adventure
SetInCountry: Bangladesh
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Lori Aideyan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'It was a very difficult year when I made the impulsive decision to quit my
  job spend the summer in Bangladesh.  I had my first big girl job and the "real world"
  was eating me alive. I needed a big change so I pulled together all of my contacts
  to find somewhere I could volunteer for the summer. I was told of a women from a
  small town in Texas who started a day orphanage for teenage girls who were at risk
  of human trafficking. I did all the necessary work to get there: applied for a visa,
  held a dinner fundraiser, and found some appropriate attire. After a 30 hour flight
  to Chittagong with a connecting flight from Dubai, I arrived in my city jetlagged
  and feeling immediate cultural shock. Bangladesh was unlike any city I had ever
  visited before. There were rickshaws flying around every which way, trash littering
  the streets, and cows tied to trees nibbling on greenish patches of grass. I was
  most drawn to the people, dressed in colorful and intricately designed shalwar kameezes
  and curiously interested in the dark-skinned foreigner wandering their streets.
  After a day or so of settling in to my room for the summer I took a shaky rickshaw
  to the orphanage to meet the staff and teens. When I arrived I learned that Becky,
  the tall freckled woman who began the orphanage, offered each girl two warm meals
  a day and classes in every subject including art and sewing. The girls, aged 13
  to 18, were uneducated because their parents couldn''t afford to pay for schooling
  so we were teaching the basics. My role was to help with English, writing and a
  art class. My favorite days at the center usually involved sitting on dirt floors
  embroidering while listening to the girls around me chatting in Bengali. The center
  helped the girls and their families sell hand made clothes and accessories around
  the world to help pay for their necessities. We also travelled in busses to nearby
  villages and offered free health classes or played with children in orphanages.
  Becky, I learned, was involved in so much in the community. One day I was invited
  to visit some of the students homes across town. I jumped in a rickshaw with my
  sweet friends and made the long trek to their village. As we arrived I took in my
  surroundings. There were tiny little tin roof houses built into the hills scattered
  every which way. Children played in the fields while women chatted and washed clothes.
  We were invited to a home for a snack which consisted of some sweet crackers and
  fruit juice. I sat on the dirt floor with my friends as they translated. They were
  so happy to meet me and I was overjoyed to be there in that moment surrounded by
  friendly faces. The humble house lacked windows and would flood when there was heavy
  rain but they were happy to have a roof over their head and food to feed their family.
  The center also kept their girls safe and helped them have opportunities to get
  jobs that were previously unavailable to them. I felt honored to be a part their
  journey if only for a short while but sad to see all that they lacked in life. At
  the end of my trip I helped the girls design and paint a mural at the center. Beautiful
  intricate swirls and shapes that matched their native mhendi patterns. My last day
  in Chittagong I hugged them close and kissed them goodbye not knowing if I would
  ever see them again. It was a lovely summer and one I''ll likely never forget.'
