Title: My culture and you.
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-culture-and-you
SetInCountry: Iceland
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Gourang Aggarwal
AuthorCountry: India
Text: This the story about my first ever solo trip abroad. I had my research paper
  accepted at the University of Cambridge. So, I ended up planning an allrounder trip
  across Europe. It was 7th morning, I get in the Wow airlines flight to Iceland.
  At the airport, I do some miscalculations and end up withdrawing 797 pounds accidently.
  I found a woman from the USA on Facebook, who was also a solo traveler. We decided
  to have dinner together and plan the next day together. She met a woman from the
  Netherlands traveling continuously for the past year. We meet another guy in our
  hostel while having Reykavik Gin and wine from Argentina. The conversation on the
  table was just jargon for a guy with no international exposure. We all went out
  to experience the nightlife, Reykjavik had to offer. Next morning we rented a car
  and went out east to glaciers with the natural hot water stream flowing called Reykjadalur
  Thermal Bathing Pools. We were in our bathing costumes, snow all around us with
  the atmospheric temperature below zero degrees, speakers and some Gin left from
  last night. And we were talking about the kind of lifestyle we've had. Our past,
  present, and future. On the way back, we came across Icelandic horses. At night,
  we catch up with a few more solo travelers- one from Istanbul, another guy from
  Detroit, USA. And a BMW X1 was rented. And we cruised northwards to hunt northern
  lights. The car ride was phenomenal. Turkish songs, Indian Bollywood music, Argentinian
  music, and traveling spirit. We drove for 2 hours, hopes crushed with no sight of
  any green lights. We just park our car roadside, to settle with the dark sky and
  stars. While capturing some stars, the phone captures some green tint. And voila.
  We take some pictures of ourselves with the light and without it. It was chilly
  and windy. It was so hard to stand still without any movement to get the photo clicked.
  But it was worth it. It was the feeling that can't be defined in words. We stayed
  for a while, to soak all we could at that moment. We drive back to our respective
  places after a long tiring day. I made some lifelong connections with those people
  and learned a new perspective, totally different contexts to have discussions around.
  Next morning, I wake up at 6. Get ready by 7:30 and board onto the bus to Blue Lagoon,
  the most famous destination to go to. I reach Blue Lagoon at 9. It was completely
  dark. Got into my swimwear again at such low temperatures into the hot spring, amidst
  the most magical landscapes on our tiny blue ball. It soon started getting bright,
  the scene started unfolding its beauty. The glaciers starting right at me for faraway.
  Hot steams coming out of the mountains just like the industrial chimneys. The only
  difference was that it was all natural. The light blue water due to silica and the
  couples makes you realize the importance of love. This life should be round love.
  Not war, not power, not money. These may provide you comfort, but its love that
  actually provides you the true pause. Otherwise, some travelers are constantly looking
  for something, go all around the world and the time they find love. It is the time
  they find their true home. Their true belongingness. They find themselves. And then,
  when they travel, they are always home. No matter the corner of the world they are
  in.  That feeling can be compared to none. No drug, no alcohol, no party is comparable
  to that. And on that note, I go back to the Airport, get my currency exchanged into
  Pounds again just to realize that I got back 620 pounds back which was unexpected.
  Sice, I paid for everything via cash in Iceland- food, rent, alcohol, car. The value
  of IKR rose against GBP which ended up as an investment as well. I think I got lucky
  in Iceland, not just financially, but I also flew to London as a differnt person
  altogether,
