Title: 'My first experience going out of my country '
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-first-experience-going-out-of-my-country
SetInCountry: Ghana
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Charles  Kosarachi
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: The first day I was in Ghana. I started my dream of visiting some countries
  when I was in minor seminary. My memorable traveling was when I was going to Ghana
  the first time, I was going by car,because I wasn't with money to fly myself to
  Ghana, no international passport, not documents of any kind I started going because
  my brother told me to come. That faithful day I went from my state imo state to
  Lagos, though not my first time of going to Lagos, but it was a bit confusing because
  it seem as if after going forward, we started returning back, the journey was a
  stressful one, then getting to Lagos, we needed to rest small before heading to
  Ghana, me don't have money to lodge in a hotel or any gest house no Matter how cheap
  it may be, but I managed myself to sleep in the pack with this assertion, 'my suffering
  today will be my success story today ". Then with all the inconveniences at night,
  early in the morning we started our journey to Ghana. On our way I was only praying
  telling God that I don't want to come back the way am going, then after plying like
  five hours we will stop and ease ourselves, then those that have money will eat,
  me I don't even have transportation money talk more of eating money, so I was managing
  till we get to the boarder then they were now checking our documents, me don't have
  any paper Just my bag, then I was asked where is your passport ? I answered I don't
  have it, then the lady after looking at me, maybe my God direct her to lead me over
  to the boarder, then she took me and cross the boarder, that's how I get to Ghana.
  Many of us without any paper paid money to cross. Then when we get to Ghana I don't
  know any place, I can't speak their language, i don't hear them, I was just like
  someone who is about to be killed, I called my brother, I couldn't get him, them
  I was waiting, though if you see me that time you will not know that I don't know
  the place I was very smart, thought looking for a way to see someone I know, but
  as God may planned it I was my brother as I wanted to cross the side from the park.
  This story remain the memorable story in my life.
