Title: My first international trip was solo
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-first-international-trip-was-solo
SetInCountry: Colombia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Victor Oliveira
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'In April 2016 I met a Colombian girl through an app for language studies. We
  became friends so I decided to spend the money I''d been saving for traveling. That
  would be my first trip abroad and I was taken by a courage I had no idea where it
  came from, as I had never left my state by myself. Now I was about to leave my homeland,
  Brazil, for 3 weeks to a country I had never imagined going before. After all the
  set up and bureaucracy that involves an international trip, the moment I truly realized
  what I was doing was at the airport, in August that year, about to leave my place
  heading somewhere far away. Racing heart, busy mind. I just embraced the moment.
  My adventure didn''t begin as I expected because I felt extremely sick during the
  flight, definately because of all the junky food I ate at the airport (fast food
  as an atempt to save precious money), as well as my enxiety. After an over 6 hours
  desperating flight I arrived in Bogota. I could barely stand on my feet, but I still
  had to go through all the process of entering a foreign country. Many minutes later,
  the relief of seeing my friend and her mother waiting for me to take me to my hostel
  after a warm welcome in that cold city, that was my first connection, they felt
  like a family right away in that condition I was. They helped me with all the process
  of cheking in at the hostel as I was just praying for a bed to rest. And so I did.
  The next day I hung out with my friend, my first meal was a Tamal at Universidad
  Nacional. My intention was to feel a conection to the place, understand and experience
  the life of a Bogotano, so my decision was to walk a lot through the city, get lost,
  ask for information and suggestions to random people. I chose popular restaurants
  over fancy onces; buses over Uber or taxis. I made my card so I could use the public
  transport. I just wanted to blend, to have the experience of feeling like those
  people feel, at least to have an idea of it. The trip was during the Olympics in
  Rio, so that made the fact I''m Brazilian more interesting for people when they
  knew my origin. In my random walks I met local streets artists, musicians who loved
  Brazilian music, a French hippie girl who played on the streets and also people
  from all around the world at the hostel. I was also invited by a university professor
  who taugh my friend so I could participate in one of her classes with all the students.
  I was part of it. Little by little I could settle in, feel like I belonged to that
  piece of that huge city. I could get lost less often and comunicate better. My friend''s
  family was very accepting and kind to me, that gave me the oportunity of even have
  dinner and long hours talks in the house of a native Colombian, that is unforgettable.
  Most of the time I was by myself and discovering things about the city as well as
  about myself during those 3 weeks. As an introverted person, I could grow a lot
  and see how big the world is and how much it has to offer. The connection I made
  was intense and outstanding. In the end I found out we Brazilians and Colombians,
  South Americans, are very similar in many aspects. We are like distant cousins,
  but still related. Now I''m longing for my next one. It''s like they say: "The world
  is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page".'
