Title: My Heart Beat With Slow Motion
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-heart-beat-with-slow-motion
SetInCountry: Myanmar
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Nor Hasimah Binti Hashim
AuthorCountry: Malaysia
Text: 'I feel that God had loves me so much because every time''s I travel on my own,
  I can fulfill almost all of the dream travel scenes. There is no single problem
  or misfortune that makes me feel like to stop the step of journey. Every destination
  only promises an experience that no one else will feel. Believe me.


  Myanmar.


  Myanmar was developing countries that not need to abandon their identity culture
  solely to pursue the technology world. The state that holds the customs and the
  culture outweighs political interests and racial disputes. Countries that live in
  their own world regardless of the whims of the taunts that want to be change. Then
  I explore every corner of the country to identify the truth of the life of the burmese
  people who are rumored to be disgusted but the reality is beautiful to see. Believe
  me.


  Yangon.


  Know this is a city centre full of congestion on the streets and full of life offensive.
  But this city is also full of honor in every synagogue. It is the pride of the people,
  also being the focus of the world community. Religion and worship are the main focus
  of each of those souls who set foot step here. If you can be depicted in the form
  of a painting, it is definitely a sincerity. Believe me.


  Mandalay.


  I see white color meets every architectural design here as if it symbolizes the
  sanctity of their hearts, those who are willing to come by millions of miles to
  see the art of engraving. Do not overlook the pretense if you feel your heart so
  calm when you step in this area. As far as the eyes see every inch of the life of
  the Mandalay people, it is also astonishing to see their determination to maintain
  the culture. Believe me.


  Bagan.


  Who does not know about the beauty of Bagan? Who does not know about the famous
  Bagan with thousands of monuments? Read about Myanmar, search the entire media,
  Bagan is the main topic of the interest of Myanmar''s grandeur. Who is unhappy when
  the whole world comes to see Bagan simply to appreciate how wonderful the creation
  of the old people is that it is impossible for society to now think with how they
  were able to create it. Very appreciated. It''s beautiful to see sunset or sunrise
  around the monuments. There is no beautiful picture besides the words of praise
  and gratitude. Believe me.


  Inle Lake.


  Must experience the surrounding of the lake in as you may not be able to feel it
  elsewhere. Being in the water village by seeing the real life of a society is a
  satisfaction. Seeing them struggling to improve themselves become more self-conscious
  and grateful for God''s sustenance. There is no word other than praise for God above
  all the pleasures of life. Believe me.


  On the last word, it''s nothing compared Myanmar with others places in the world.
  Believe me.'
