Title: My Journey on the Island of Guam
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-journey-on-the-island-of-guam
SetInCountry: American Samoa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Junelle Angara
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: California is one of the most exciting place I have ever been. I loved the city,
  the weather, the food, and the access to what many would call "The Happiest Place
  on Earth." Disney Land. When I was in the 3rd grade, my stepfather gathered me,
  my sisters, and my mom and pointed a picture of a bright blue beach water and said
  "Do you know where Guam is?" We had no idea. At first we were all a little skeptic
  when we found out that in was a super tiny island in the middle of the pacific and
  that there was a military base there. So, he told us we were moving to Guam. The
  day we landed, the fist word that came to my mind was HOT. Guam was humid and hot.
  Except, little did I know that this place was literally a melting pot of culture.
  Many from all over the world came to Guam, live on Guam since there were many military
  folks. Guam was breezy, hot, beautiful, and so welcoming. Where ever you were on
  the Island, a beach was always near by. There were plenty things to do as well despite
  that it was the smallest Island in the pacific. I remember hiking Mt. Lam Lam's,
  the highest point on Guam. Jumping of Sigua Falls and into its cold waters. Floating
  in the middle of the bright blue waters in Tumon Bay. Sitting and eating barbeque
  as my family and I watched the saturated sunset. Running miles and miles on Nimitz
  Hill. Snorkeling and spotting turtles and various fishes. Guam is by far my favorite
  place on Earth. Although many rumored that the locals were mean, they were wrong.
  The people of Guam were very welcoming. There was also the "Chamorro Village" could
  go to, to experience the culture and eat juicy fruits and fresh barbeques. There
  were endless activities to there, but one of my favorite, just simply driving around
  with our windows down and soaking in the sunshine and breeze.
