Title: My journey to Algeria
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-journey-to-algeria
SetInCountry: Zimbabwe
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Courage Chandipwisa
AuthorCountry: Algeria
Text: 'In 2014 , After l had completed my Advanced level at St Annes High School in
  rural Zimbabwe.l applied for a scholarship to study abroad in a foreign nation.l
  was  not sure how l was going to be selected and where l was going to be sent to.


  The selection processs was easy , but l was selected due to my excellent results
  which l had obtained.I obtained a presidential scholarship to go and study in Algeria
  , a nation vin north Africa.


  There is no direct flight to Algeria from Zimbabwe my country of origin.l had three
  options to choose from.Either l was going to take a route that connects to South
  Africa then Qatar and finally Algeria or a route that connects to Zambia then Dubai
  and lastly Algeria .My third option , which l did not even consider was going to
  connect to Nairobi in Kenya then Cairo in Egypt and finally Algeria.


  Remaining with two options .l chose to use the Qatar route to go to Algeria.

  Early on a Friday morning in the month of October , l was accompanied by  the government
  officials to the Harare international airport  to board the plane which was leaving
  for South Africa.


  The flight was  so short but , l hadwill these mixed emotions of  fear and happiness
  at the same moment.This was because it was my first time to board an airp and also
  l was scared of high altitudes.l arrived at Oliver Tambo airport in South Africa
  , 45 minutes later.The place was so organized , crafted with different South African
  traditional artefacts. A lot of people were present , going about different businesses.


  I stayed for approximately 2 hours at the airport before boarding into another plane
  to Qatar.l was so happy because this was my first time ever to leave the African
  continent taling a leap into the unknown.

  The flight was the longest but ,l enjoyed the hospitality that was shown to me by
  the beautiful air hostesses.The food offered was so appetizing and the desert was
  inexplicably made and delicious.l will never forget this experience ,though it made
  me so tired .l slept during the journey and after 7 hours from the takeoff , l arrived
  at Doha international airport in Qatar.


  The desert nation , Qatar was extremely hot .ln all my life , l had never experienced
  such kind of high temperatures.Luckily , l left the hot and busy airport airport
  after a short period.


  The last flight to Algeria was almost long as the second one .It was for 6 hours  45
  minutes.l just arrived in the  plane .After l got my seat .l tied my safety belt
  and slept .The only thing , l remember was being called to wake up as we had arrived
  in North Africa.


  Now fit and active .l saw the beauty of the Hoauri Bomadienne airport in Algeria
  .The air port was well constructed in glasses .

  This was my amazing and unforgettable travelling experience , l ever had in my life.'
