Title: My Shaolin Adventure
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-shaolin-adventure
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Oliver Olney
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'Do you like adventure? Do you like challenges? Maybe you like experiencing
  things that are completely beyond the realm of your comfort zone. I mean it''s not
  everyday that somebody wakes up and then decides, "you know what? I''m going to
  go to China and learn Shaolin kung fu." But for 25 year-old me who had just dropped
  out of secondary-school teacher training and who had no real idea about what next
  to do with his life, one morning my wonderfully bright and intelligent mind decided
  that this was most definitely the next best course of action for me to undertake
  - to go and run off into the mountains and learn martial arts. I couldn''t speak
  a word of Chinese, I had the flexibility of a tree, and had never been in a fight
  before in my life, but some part of me thought that I most definitely had a shot
  at being the next Bruce Lee regardless, so why not!


  I do my research, make my travel plans, and one year later, I''m there in China,
  training at the Kunyu Shan Shaolin Martial Arts Academy. It''s a little different
  from what''s advertised. The place I''m training in is more like a boarding school
  rather than a temple, and there''s a whole load of other foreigners there. You get
  a choice in what style of martial arts you wish to learn, and the regime itself
  involves roughly 4 hours of compulsory training a day along with an optional extra
  two, one hour classes. Weekends are free for you to rest and recuperate, and the
  academy, though up in the mountains, is right next door to a village and supermarket
  where you can grab any modern supplies that you might need. Three meals are served
  daily, mostly involving white rice and eggs, and there translators to help you communicate
  with the shifus. All in all the academy is relatively flexible and equipped with
  modern amenities, rather different from a traditional temple, which is a nice surprise.


  The training itself though? Well, its as expected - there''s a lot of pain involved.
  Most days you get the opportunity to hear the soothing sounds of groups of students
  screaming and yelling as they go through sessions of ''power'' training or ''power''
  stretching; special weekly classes where you get pushed well beyond your limits.
  There are conditioning classes where you literally hit and punch each other to the
  effect of strengthening the body, sometimes till you''re bruised blue, and then
  that''s not to mention the general training you have to do regardless of whether
  or not you''re recovering from the 100s of squat jumps and kicks you did yesterday.
  Losing your voice is a common occurrence, and for some, tears get involved. By modern
  society''s standards it''s crazy. There''s even corporal punishment for breaking
  the rules where you get hit with a staff multiple times during line-up in front
  of your group. And the craziest thing about all of it? It''s that if you stay there
  long enough, you learn to love it.


  When you first start off it''s rough. You struggle for weeks and the pain doesn''t
  seem to subside. But one to two months in, something starts to change. The pain
  and the struggle that you originally dread becomes enjoyable, and the times where
  you have no idea how your body''s still moving, mind-over-matter becomes a truth
  for you. You start to experience moments where you feel godly, and in the daily
  ordeals of pushing your limits, you create some very deep and meaningful connections
  with the other people there, sweating and punching and yelling your way through
  each day, side by side. Life-long friendships are made and farewells become emotional
  events. You begin to gain that quiet confidence in yourself that you noticed in
  the eyes of the other students who have been there for longer, and you learn the
  importance of patience and persistence in achieving the things you want in life.
  You come out the other side a different person. Perhaps not Bruce Lee, but certainly
  stronger than you once were.


  Worth the experience? Hell yea. Now onto the next one.'
