Title: My Solace and their story
DateModified: '2019-01-31'
DatePublished: '2019-01-31'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-solace-and-their-story-2
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: shipra chaudhary
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'As I stepped out of my comfort zone I found a yearning inside me. I feel blessed
  to have encountered Scotland as my first experience into traveling solo and alone.
  I have always had a life full of love, protection and care and my life has always
  been decorated with books. I chose studying as my partner in crime to unravel all
  my wanderlust expeditions.

  I stepped down the plane, got into the cab and remember being driven on the Scottish
  roads. I reach my accommodation and first thing I experience was the beauty in air,
  the air seemed so calm and it had a smell of freshly brewed coffee. "Coffee, isn''t
  it weird"! but, yes! that''s how my senses describe my first love- my travel shoes
  that I wore to make my first journey into unknown where I didn''t expect I would
  find peace and strength!

  This adventure lasted for an year and it is still as fresh a memory in my mind as
  it happened just yesterday. It is a 6 year old encounter. The streets, the roads,
  the buildings all tell a story into Scottish history, that is full of dreary past.
  Whether it is Edinburgh, or Glasgow or St. Andrews they all have an eerie feeling
  to them, yet they all have a consoling grab on your heart, that make say that peace
  with your past, live nicely in present to make a beautiful future! This is what
  Scotland is to me.

  The astonishing beauty of highlands, or the serene and calm stonehaven, or the wierldy
  beautiful streets of Dundee, they all just make you want to see and love more. The
  small and pretty decorated houses in Pitlochry or the ever smiling locals, full
  of grannys and grandpas just make you want to run less in competiton and make you
  realise that it''s ok to take it slow if you can find happiness in within!

  Scotland taught me that traveling is basically a journey within and life in itself
  is an adventure. All places, all houses, all lives, all streets, all lamp posts,
  all trees, and all everything has a story to tell, and when you get to visit a place,
  they all reveal a beauty to you in form of "their stories".

  Don''t count how many places you visited, just count at how many places yo felt
  home!'
