Title: 'My travel story '
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-travel-story
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jess Kemp
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: About 5 years ago, I went back to school and got a few new degrees and I was
  getting out of a bad relationship. I decided to get a passport and start traveling...my
  dream in life. My first trip out of the states was cancelled due to a death in the
  family so I decided to do a little at a time closer to home whenever I could. I
  have seen almost all of the US on a very tight budget. I save for 3 months or so
  and I get a week or 2 to travel somewhere else. I have slept where the sound of
  the waves from the ocean have put me to sleep, on top of mountains where the only
  lights you can see are stars and the moon and you could see lightning and storms
  below you, and in the desert where there was nothing but sand for miles. I love
  natural hot springs and waterfalls and have walked hours just to see either one
  and take pictures and just sit and be a part of the wonders of nature anytime I
  get the opportunity. I have camped out of my car or stayed at airbnbs or even crappy
  motels, anywhere and everywhere I could. Every new city, I stop and talk to locals
  and that is how I choose a place to stay. They give me ideas where to camp or go
  next or landmarks or parks I should definitely see. It is actually harder to find
  a traveling companion. This year I plan to finish the US and will start on the rest
  of the world and finally use that passport. I am already starting to sell everything
  I own and will be selling my house now that my kids are grown up and then I will
  be getting on a plane for about 24 hours and going the furthest place I can afford
  to go. Little by little I will make my way back home to the states, but I am actually
  planning to travel for months and hopefully years before that happens. Beautiful
  places I have only seen pictures of, things I have dreamed about my entire life...but
  life somehow always got in the way. I put off my dreams for my kids, both of them
  had passports and travelled as kids, and it is finally my turn. There is so many
  places I want to see, beaches I want to walk along and places I want to swim in
  the ocean or sea and mountains I want to climb. And I want to meet fabulous people
  everywhere and have them tell me about places only the locals know so I can see
  the beauty everywhere. I want to eat local food at amazing restaurants and drink
  coffee and wine in every country and dance and try something new everywhere I go.
  I am even learning different languages so when I am ready to travel, I can speak
  to locals without as much language barrier. I have been waiting my whole life for
  this, I am researching and studying and learning as much as possible so when I do
  leave, I am as prepared as I can possibly be. Especially because I have learned
  nothing ever turns out like you plan and anything is possible. Life happens and
  it doesn't always turn out like you planned, but it can still be a wonderful journey.
  Leaving your home is hard enough, but I want to be able to enjoy every minute no
  matter where I go from here. Winning any part of my trip would be amazing, but either
  way, I am embarking on the adventure of a lifetime soon and I plan to make it the
  time of my life!
