Title: My Trip to Malaysia
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-trip-to-malaysia
SetInCountry: Malaysia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Enrico Nataniel
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: Last May 2018, I went to Malaysia with my mom and my brother. That time, I didn't
  expect that my mom already bought a ticket for me because I haven't been abroad
  since 2003 which is my first trip abroad to Singapore and Malaysia. We spent our
  time in Malaysia with some relatives and friends for a few days. When we just arrived
  in Kuala Lumpur, we went to a bus terminal for a few hours for sightseeing only.
  Guess what? The bus terminal doesn't look like a bus terminal at all, but it looks
  more like a shopping mall, so my mom and her friends were looking for some cheap
  clothing in there. We went back to the airport and after that we took a flight to
  Johor Bahru. We stayed for a night at Erica Hotel, which is pretty cheap but comfortable
  enough. On the next day, I went to Legoland in the morning with my brother, cousin,
  and friends. I felt like I was having a sore throat that time but I didn't care
  about it because I was too amazed with the miniatures in Legoland - they looked
  like real buildings. We also took some rides like roller coasters, ferriswheel,
  etc. Anyway, my favorite rides were Ninjago and Observation Tower.  We left Legoland
  at around 5PM and then we ate some sandwich at Subway. I really love it but unfortunately
  we have no Subway in Indonesia. At night, we walked around Johor Bahru, and then
  we went to a mall. I don't remember the name, but we had some dinner at a Hong Kong
  restaurant in the mall. We had some delicious dinner like chinese noodles, pork,
  etc. On the next day, we took a bus to Kuala Lumpur for about 3-4 hours. That time,
  I wasn't in a healthy condition because I had some headache and influenza. However,
  at night, I was powerful enough to walk around Kuala Lumpur despite my health condition.
  We stayed at Beltif Hotel which is located at downtown Kuala Lumpur and I really
  like the hotel because it's very comfortable. From our hotel, we walked to Petronas
  Twin Tower. At Petronas, we saw the fountain show outside Petronas Tower, and then
  my mom went shopping at the mall below Petronas Tower. After that, we walked to
  Alor Street which is full of delicious food. We ate some delicious food in there.
  In Kuala Lumpur, we also traveled to Genting Highlands and Berjaya Times Square.
  In Genting, I went to "Ripley's Believe it or not" museum with my little brother
  and we also had some delicious meals in there. While at Berjaya Times Square, we
  took some rides like what we did in Legoland, but I couldn't take a lot of rides
  because of my health condition. My mom also really enjoyed shopping at Berjaya Times
  Square because there were a lot of interesting stores in there. Berjaya Times Square
  is also very huge, so my mom had a lot of choices to buy stuffs in there. Not far
  from our hotel, there's a small chinese restaurant too, and I ate some delicious
  food in there, especially pork. What I like about Malaysia the most is their delicious
  food especially pork and seafood. Malaysia is also good for walking at night especially
  in Kuala Lumpur area because of their beautiful street view. Although I was not
  in a good health condition that time, I could walk around Kuala Lumpur at night
  because I didn't care of my health condition during the trip. I felt like I should
  enjoy it instead of missing the rare moment only because of my influenza. Beside
  that, when I was enjoying the beautiful street view of Kuala Lumpur, and also their
  delicious food, I forgot about my headache and influenza. As a chinese-indonesian
  myself, i really love chinese food, so i would like to come back to Malaysia to
  eat more delicious chinese food in there.
