Title: My trip to Morocco
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-trip-to-morocco
SetInCountry: Palestine
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: MOHAMMED ABDALLATIF
AuthorCountry: Palestine
Text: Nothing has changed me more than my trip to Morocco. Excited and eager to go
  to Morocco, I packed my luggage in my suitcase. The big day finally came, and I
  boarded from  plane as a Palestinian tourist. Remembering all brotherhood linking
  with Palestine and Morocco, this trip greatly reflected my childish life. Around
  seven AM, I went to the terrace to sleep in the still refreshing air. However, as
  I was trying to alleviate my tired body, I noticed an old man broiled a wedge of
  sea fish at the sea Cornice. The persistent old man was determined to complete his
  work, refusing to stop for even a second to relax. After three hours, I woke up
  to observe my surroundings. Looking around, I saw that the old man was still in
  the field. I decide to go to him  and taste the roasted fish. When he know that
  Iam from Palestine , he refused to take the money from me . After that he invited
  me to visit his home which located near the coast ,looking at his home bring me
  ten years back into past ,when my family left our home beside Gaza coast and moving
  into the centre of  Gaza , as a son of coastal city I learned swimming and fishing
  since my childhood .The old man noticed my harmony to this ambience ,suddenly the
  face of old man changed  with dolorous features and he automatically start talking
  about his past ,telling me his story that he was a rich man and his sons drive him
  to bankruptcy and this  small coastal house the only fortune remained  ,then he
  told me these wise words ,the simplicity is fascinating but to reach it you should
  experience the life difficulties , simplicity as a precious masterpiece not anyone
  can make a value for it  , be simple my son to live without problems ,I spent two
  days in his home I learned many lessons from the wise old man , this trip helped
  me to realize that the life is nothing without true family , honest friends ,hope
  and respect. I began to feel a sense of gratitude towards my family and God for
  enriching me with many blessings. Living an extravagant and modernized life in Gaza..
  The lessons I learned was to be simple always. This incident captivated my heart.
  My trip abruptly came to an end as I boarded the plane to come back to the Palestine.
