Title: My truly self!
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-truly-self
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Costanza Ugolini
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Imagine a girl who has always been insicure, but also a big dreamer. Imagine
  a girl who has always been afraid to show her emotions and thoughts. . A girl who
  has suddenly decided to leave and travel. It was just a study trip at first, but
  it soon turned out into a getting to know her better and accept her as she is kind
  of travel. This happened in Tokyo, the city I love the most in the world. The experience
  I had in this international, modern but also traditional metropoly taught me that
  who I am is enough and that it''s important to accept yourlself. I left Italy with
  my depression and came back with a feeling of self love. You''re probably thinking
  "how could you get over your depression in one of the State with the highest depression
  rank scale?". Well, that''s how it went: I was there with an international scholarship.
  I didn''t know anyone and I wanted to go out and visit this unknown city. But it
  was to scary for me to go out alone . During the 3rd week I said to myself : "damn
  girl, you''re halfway around the world! It''s a lifetime experience you don''t have
  to waste, go and get lost in this big city!". I really got lost in Shinjuku, but
  it was fun! So that is how I began to like the idea of  travelling alone. When I
  left Italy, I was insicure not only about my skills and ability, also about my body
  and my sexual orientation. I was so far away from what made me feel unfit. And thanks
  to a stravagant and funny taiwanese guy, I started to get close to the LGBT+ community,
  I started to feel different but accepted and embraced. My best travel experience
  taught me that diversity is good and not scary, that the most important thing is
  to love yourself as you are and that believing in your skills and ability helps
  to believe in yourself. I really found my truly self in Tokyo!'
