Title: My Travel With My Life
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-travel-with-my-life
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Lalandhi Sekar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: A bike trip to a hill station which is called the Queen of Hills(Ooty) in Tamil
  Nadu,India. This trip changed my perspective of seeing. I visited many places in
  that city, each place has a unique character which I wanted to adopt to my lifestyle.
  The first place to visit was a Military base,Wellington. This was on the way to
  the hills. I saw the soldiers and I got goosebumps. I saw the courage in their bodies
  and pride in their eyes. They believed in themselves. This is one of the character
  I observed there. The second comes the Flower Garden. The place was full of happiness.
  Each person I saw was internally happy forgetting all of their problems and worries.
  Each flowers in the garden was like smiling at me. The unique character there was
  everyone was living their present. No fear of future and no worries of past only
  living the present. The third place is the highest peak in Tamil Nadu, Doddabetta.
  A look from that peak made me feel special. It gave me confidence that I can. It
  was a different feeling that I observed was will power. Still now I'm only telling
  you about the places I visited I forgot to tell you about the bike ride. Here comes
  my bike ride experience. The most wonderful thing during the bike ride was I was
  passing through the clouds. The eyelids were with very little minute water particles
  like the snow on a grass in the early morning during winter. During bike ride I
  stood at many stop points to watch the beautiful city down the hill. Going  higher
  and higher the lands which I saw became smaller and smaller. At that point I felt
  if we see our problems from that height the problem would just like dot. This trip
  to Ooty taught me many things like observation power, to notice everything around
  me, a constant consciousness, a mental strength that I can do. A courage to face
  anything. I thought I must test my learning in this trip so I took a trip to a place
  near my hometown with a responsibility that is I took a friend with me who has a
  believe in me. So keeping her safe was a responsibility for me. I was able to handle
  things of my own. I believed in myself and I took a good care of my friend. And
  I made my test trip a successful one with lot of memories. Through these trips,
  I was able to know about myself. The real leap into the unknown was me during the
  trips. I like to share why I took this trip. As a girl I have heard many criticism
  that girls are not fit to travel and do adventure. If they think to travel or do
  adventure then she is treated like a boy. There were many questions around me like
  "Why a girl want to travel?" and "Don't let her go she won't be safe out " and so
  many questions. But my trip answered them all. A girl need to travel for her own
  satisfaction and through travelling she will learn many life skills that will be
  useful for her in life. Life skills like communicating with new people,tackling
  of problems,planning and many. Next is a girl should be sent out then only they
  can see that she is safe or unsafe. If she is unsafe also she will be able to handle
  problems of her own. How can they judge a girls courage without letting her out.
  Each travel will have a different suitation to face and handling the suitation makes
  me better in my character as well as my skills.
