Title: My unforgettable trip
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-unforgettable-trip
SetInCountry: Algeria
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: imen bouguezzi
AuthorCountry: Tunisia
Text: 'Going out on a trip is one of the most refreshing things in the heart, giving
  life the flavor of renewal and departure, because the journey breaks the monotony
  of life and gives us an added impetus to pursuing our goals with the same enthusiasm
  of the beginning.

  this is a journey to a place where history is most beautiful, where the city of
  Algeria is located, one makes you believe that you have just seen it travel through
  time. Algeria was one of the first beautiful countries where I lived and made the
  most beautiful dreams and days.

  The beauty of any trip is in the small details, which give it an extra flavor of
  pleasure and excitement. The horsehogs that stood at the entrance to the ancient
  city suggest that history imposes its presence among us and celebrates its wonderful
  civilization in front of us. rocks and their ripples, the splendor of the sculpture,
  the beauty of nature and the shrubs sprouting between the road, and i  can''t forget
  the looks of tourists from everywhere in the world and the looks of surprise in
  their faces, all these details feel you travel through time. The amazing journey
  of Algeria it leaves you no room to think Anything else, they are Very crowded and
  just need to meditate. The weather has increased the beauty of the journey beautifully,
  and the sun spreads its radiance on the bliss of the sky. The names of the spring
  decorate between the color of the blue and between the white clouds that if it wants
  to rain, it sends its soft, tender spray to make the atmosphere more cheerful. In
  the old city, there is the middle of the market corridors dedicated to pedestrians
  and pilgrims, and the aspects lead to the visitor to the shops distributed on the
  sides, and these shops for a long period of light derived from the sun through the
  openings found in the roofs, before the arrival of electricity and take them from
  modern lamps source For lighting, most retailers in the market depend mainly on
  the arrangement of their goods on the wooden shelves carved and embossed, which
  gives the place a beautiful beauty. I also met very good and very nice people and
  gained many new friends and experiences that helped me in my career. Algeria was
  one of the most beautiful cities I traveled to and I wish to return to it again.'
