Title: My volunteering experience in teaching and traveling
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/my-volunteering-experience-in-teaching-and-traveling
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Nirmana Adhelia
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Teaching and traveling is one of programs which is held by 1000 Guru (it means
  thousand teachers) community in Indonesia. A community that concern at education,
  especially for schools in underdeveloped regions. Everyone can join this community
  as a volunteer. My curiosity brought me to join 1000 Guru Tangerang (a regional
  community under 1000 Guru) as volunteer to teach and travel in Geopark Ciletuh,
  West Java at this late February.


  Most of volunteers were strangers at the beginning, we had no idea of each other.
  Two days with all members were a precious moment in my life. In the first day, after
  arriving in home stay, we explored Geopark Ciletuh, a tourist attraction which got
  a predicate by UNESCO as Global Geopark. At the evening, we did an activity that
  creates interaction among others, we called it Makrab (Malam Keakraban). All members
  (team and volunteers) did many games and introduced each other while exchanged some
  random souvenirs that we bought before. It was so pleasing!


  Next day, it was volunteering day! Volunteering as teacher was my first experienced.
  I was overthinking about everything like am I ready for this? What if the kids hate
  me? Is it okay if I do some mistakes? Will my partner help me? What if I am boring?
  And bla bla bla. In that glorious day, all my anxiety was wrong. The students welcome
  us as warm as their family. They looked so excited since they picked us up in the
  quay. Yup, we had to cross over the river to go to their school. We taught them
  by playing games, so they had to be active and not feeling bored. In the end of
  volunteering, we were divided into some groups which was one volunteer at least
  led three students. The mission was the volunteer had to motivate the students,
  heard their problems then give them support. One thing that made me melted was when
  one of my students said that he loved our visit, he was so happy, and he hope we
  can visit them again on the other day. His pure heart taught me that a small thing
  for me might be a terrific thing for others.


  Thank God, I felt grateful for my decided to join this volunteering community. I
  learnt so many things from other volunteers and the great students. They inspire
  me so much!'
