Title: Myself, my mother, my motherland
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/myself-my-mother-my-motherland
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Louise Santos
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'The trip I want to tell was my last and only great trip. I come from a poor
  family so we never had the financial conditions to make an international trip, always
  the trips were to small towns near where we lived. My big trip was to a state next
  to mine called Bahia. I had never gone there. My mother saved the money to travel
  in about a year and a half. It would also be her first great trip and she would
  like to live that moment with me, her only daughter. We got a very simple travel
  package, traveled 12 hours by bus and stayed in a hotel without luxury. But we lived
  everything we could dream of living!


  My first discovery was to realize that I love beach! I had never liked other beaches
  I visited before, but the beaches of Bahia are beautiful, with crystal clear, warm
  and calm waters. I did not expect to fall so in love with a place. The people are
  so hospitable and kind. A feeling of peace and tranquility that me and my mother
  had long felt in the troubled life of the city of Belo Horizonte.


  In our package was also included a tour through the historic city center, a landmark
  in the history of my country, because it was in Bahia where the first Portuguese
  arrived in Brazil and began the process of colonialism of the Indians who lived
  here. Seeing those historical monuments almost 500 years old took me to that time.
  It made me shudder to imagine all that indigenous people and later the African people
  suffered. Thinking about it made me reflect on the society that today, 500 years
  later, still causes the suffering of so many Indian and black people. It hurt me
  to even imagine that hostile environment, but unfortunately, the frame of my country''s
  history.


  Despite this, I was happy to talk to the "Bahianas", black women who hold firm the
  tradition and knowledge of their people, and realize that African culture still
  alive there! Although all the efforts to erase the history of a people, this did
  not happen. Bahia exhales mother Africa, with her spices, food, clothes, accessories,
  music, dance, fight, religion, gods ... I was moved to realize how strong African
  culture is in Bahia, because in Minas Gerais, black people are more than half of
  population, but their culture is not perceived so strongly.


  I would not have imagined that traveling to Bahia would touch me so deeply. I lived
  a side of the history of Brazil that I only saw in books and had never approached
  that way. Another important milestone of this trip was the fact that my mother and
  I connected more. I do not live with her anymore, precisely because of too much
  of the day-to-day quarrel. This trip put us back together 24 hours a day, and the
  fact that we were far away and then being close again was very challenging for our
  always up and down relationship. Being together again, in a different environment,
  strengthened our relationship of friendship, something that in day-to-day life was
  very weakened. On this trip I looked at my mother just as someone else, not only
  as "my mother". I have seen her desires, doubts, feelings, like anyone, who suffers,
  who laughs, who loves. Someone failed and not the super heroine who never cries
  that I had in my mind before. This was very important to strengthen our ties as
  mother and daughter and as friends.


  This trip was very important for me, because although simple, it was an achievement
  that my mother could conquer and offer me to live it next to her. And together we
  reflected on ourselves and our nation, in its past and present days.'
