Title: Mystery of Number 9 at Borobudur Temple
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/mystery-of-number-9-at-borobudur-temple
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Puspita Wulandari Harahap
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'I woke up, time showed 6:00 in the morning. Get ready to pack my backpack and
  looking for a new atmosphere for my stories. Then, I decided to take a vacation
  in one of the cities in Central Java, the city of Magelang, the city that has one
  of the wonders of the world, the Borobudur Temple. Yes, my destination was to go
  to Borobudur Temple.


  The distance from the city of Magelang from my house is approximately 275 miles.
  We went in a private car. The journey took approximately 9 hours of travel using
  toll road. Because of  long journey, we decided to stay for one night in a hotel.


  ***

  The next day we went to the trip to Borobudur Temple with only the Google Map.

  We have passed this trip within 30 minutes. We parked right away and bought tickets
  over there. It was 40K rupiahs.


  It took about 30 minutes to get there to reach the temple base. And wow, it''s beautiful.
  No wonder it''s become a UNESCO cultural heritage site because I think it''s a genius
  masterpiece of its time. It was truly the miracle of the world that I could see
  at the moment.


  I am glanced at some of the walls in the temple. I wonder why there are no cement
  marks. Indeed, because ancient times there was no cement. They use natural stones
  and then make steps to bind each other. According to legend in Buddhism, this building
  was designed by Gunadharma. For its own history, Borobudur Temple was built around
  the 8th century. Its construction was estimated to take around a century.


  My goal was to reach the top of Borobudur temple. I want to see the Biggest stupa
  in Arupadhatu level. Firstly, I went straight to the Kamadhatu relief, then I walked
  around clockwise to get to the Rupadhatu level. With my sister, we took a chance
  by tried to count the number of statues over there. It turns out that there are
  104, 104, 88, 72, 64, respectively, so there are 432 statues in each of these terraces.
  I tried to take the opportunity to make the comparison mathematically it turned
  out to be 13: 13: 11: 9: 8, if it was added to 13 + 13 + 11 + 9 + 8 = 54, if I add
  numbers 5 and 4 from 54 is 9. I became wondering if I tried again adding up the
  numbers 4, 3, and 2 from 432 the total number of the statues. The result is also
  9! All is 9 pattern.

  Then I went to the last level at the Arupadhatu level. I arrived at the top of the
  temple. I went around counting the number of stupas there. It turns out that when
  I counted 72 stupas surrounding one of the largest stupas consisting of 3 circular
  terraces consisting of 32, 24, 16. I also made the same comparison as before so
  it became 4: 3: 2 which I numbered to 9! Likewise when I number 7 and 2 from 72.
  The number is also 9.

  Then I wondered for some reason that everything was number 9 in this temple. Each
  level is all patterned 9 until the peak is patterned 9. According to numerology,
  the number 9 is the last number and symbol of the emotional and spiritual peak.
  But what makes me wonder is why the one who designed this temple made the all-round
  pattern in this temple until it is now a mystery. Mysterious but beautiful.'
