Title: Near the unknown
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/near-the-unknown
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Gajraj singh  shekhawat
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'My trip to Ladakh was a long awaited one. Aa friend only added fuel to the
  fire by offering his bike for the trip. so in the second week of june, i finally
  got hte opportunity to travel to Ladakh - a trip that has given me memories worth
  a lifetime, a trip that has permanently iinscribed startling sights of his enchanting
  place in my mind.


  I must say even the road to Ladakh is in itself a destination and has its own appeal.  When
  you are about to reach Ladakh, the very first glimpse of this wide landscape of
  heaven brings a twinkle to your eyes! Just imagine looking down on a silent, placid,
  greenish blue lake- beautiful, isn''t it?  Or imagine the sight of magnificient
  mountains greeting you- that was a welcome I can never forget. Thers''s nothing
  more enchanting than nature''s handiwork in Ladakh. And then as you enter Leh, the
  characteristic mountains (the ones which our televisions have made very popular)
  greet you with their silent white faces. Logic and reason demanded rest but my incorrigible
  curiosity kept nagging me to explore this place. Thankfully, food came to recue
  (by the way, my friend who ventured out without having rested ended up feeling rather
  unwell and queasy). The wonderful Thukpa and Tsampa served by the hotel not only
  delighted te taste buds, but also convinced me that exploring can wait, a lazy nap
  cannot!

  It''s a world of rugged valleys, snow-covered mountains, endless hills,barren lands,
  clean and curvy roads and the mystical Lamas where centuries old monesteries have
  still maintained their charm. The confluence of the Indus and the Zanskar rivers
  is a rare sight. One can clearl differentiate between the two waters from a distance.
  The rare phenomenon of Magnetic Hill leaves everyone astonished. For the uninitiated,
  the hill possesses magnetic properties that can pull cars uphill and control passing
  aircrafts to increase altitude in order to escape the magnetic interference. And
  if you are tired covering a few places on this route, you can  halt at Gurudwara
  Pather Saheb. Here you will be served with hot tea. Trust me, this one cup of tea
  is sufficient to rejuvenate your senses for the hilly ride. The most talked about
  attraction of Ladakh is the pangong Lake which is undoubtedly is one of the most
  peacful and obviously beautiful places of this planet. Can the sound of a duck moving
  on water ever be distinctly audible? yes, only at the Pangong Lake! Here you can
  stand knowing that across the turquoise water lie the mountuains of even more isolated
  and gorgeous land - Tibet.'
