Title: 'Near Stirling, Ontario: A Rural and Cavernous Quiet'
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/near-stirling-ontario-a-rural-and-cavernous-quiet
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Lindsay Miles
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'I am one hundred and twenty-five miles from home and everything that can change
  has. Away from the rake and pull of urban life, this cut of the world gives off
  a flatness, appears shaken out like a bed sheet chronically out to dry. The world
  is open and awake as though, at any moment, it could decide to take itself back,
  forfeit any and all responsibility to its sentient populations. It could go buy
  itself some local Gay Lea butter. It could nab some buffalo cheese. I grow conscious
  of my breath. Count: one breath, two. Smoking a cigarette in the direction of the
  dropping sun, does this field have a name? And here? Does this? I put the butt back
  in the box. I want to govern this place with words. I say "property" into the frigid
  air, I say "colour". A crust of ice and snow makes the divisions between fields
  less clear. No one is here to vacuum inside my ear. The sun begins to set. It sets
  the sky on pinky fire. I am sweetly confronted by a pack of nine Alpacas. In my
  pocket, there is a number to reach them. Country houses, rectangles of red brick,
  rise up a hundred feet from the road. They do not walk. I walk the road that is
  empty; I walk its muddy arterial veins in a world that is not, taut with dormant
  occupation. 1864, a stone schoolhouse is built. Before the founding of this country,
  a stone schoolhouse is built. An obelisk in the back reports on loss: here lies
  the violence of knowing, here lies the promise of uncertainty. Who were the boys
  who laid down in the soil? In the 19th century, one-room schoolhouses sprung up
  across this young country. Houses of learning were given each an acre as were houses
  of God. I say "book". Those were my words (the obelisk does not speak). In my mind,
  I press the concrete monument to confess. The crust of history makes divisions between
  stories less clear. I return to the schoolhouse-turned-cabin where I am staying.
  I return to the controlled fire of a wood pellet stove. I return with the clarity
  of the season and the night, in a rural and cavernous quiet.'
