Title: New chapter same life/ My mind at a strange place
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/new-chapter-same-life-my-mind-at-a-strange-place
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Vaibhav Adayprabhu
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'hello, my name is Vaibhav. It is tough selecting a theme, so I mixed all of
  them in order to write an effective story that happened to me. This is my story
  about a known mind at a strange place.

  It''s about a town named Pune, India. I was in Pune for 3 days of work. I completed
  my work within 2 days and decided to explore the city for the last. I was new had
  no friends, It was a strange city to me. as excited as I was to know something new
  so was also worried as I was alone and had no one to trust. So I just decided to
  go with the flow. I laced my shoes and hit the road outside. Walking for quite a
  long and exploring the nature of people according to my perception, I was being
  very entertained. Then I decided to take a stop. I came across a place named frozen
  monkey, went inside took a table, ordered a pint and was chilling. Two girls sitting
  beside mine were having a great time. It was not hard to notice. Within no time
  they saw me alone and one of them asked if I was expecting someone. I said no I
  am alone. she asked are you from around? I said no I am new to this town. She said
  okay if you want you can join us. I asked another girl if she is okay with it and
  then we joined the table. They were locals and cool. They were very full of joy
  and happiness. They were celebrating their vacation. As happy they were so being
  in that company she gave me the same vibe and I accompanied by affirming her vibe.
  She told me a lot about the city I was in and also about the pros and cons of people
  living in it. In short, she provided me with a very quick guide of the city and
  the beautiful new way of perceiving things around. It was very interesting. As tipsy
  we grew more talks we shared I was enjoying the decision of exploring a new place
  all by myself. They were hostilities so they were time bound. As she left she gave
  me her number and asked me to call her if in case I decide to extend my days of
  stay in Pune. After they went I was happy knowing beauty and goodness exists in
  the minds of every human being. I was moved by a different way of thinking of hers
  as I explored it that day. I was thankful that this alone exploration of mine taught
  me a new way to see things around. While heading back to my motel a bit high I was,
  my mind travelled back to past where I suffered a bad break up. But instantly as
  that new way of perceiving things I learned was fresh within me I revised the same
  story of my past but with a perspective, that girl taught me. As I did that man
  I saw things differently and I reached to an unknown level of enlightenment within
  me right at that moment within a strange taxi of the strange city. That thought
  of realisation gave me a few goosebumps and took all the pain and suffering that
  break up gave me whenever I memorised about it. I instantly reached to a level of
  saneness in my mind when I saw things from her perspective. Now whenever I think
  of it, it never hurts because I learned a new way of seeing things and a new way
  to respond to it. I am so grateful for that decision of exploring a strange city
  alone which got me a new friend who taught me a new perspective which helps me till
  date. Its something I am very gratified for. What happen, happens for a reason just
  go with it. Me and Drishti(her name) are in touch till date and will always be.
  That day I got something more, something truer, something higher, than what this
  dimension usually offers. That day I learned my love for exploration and got attached
  to beauties of it.

  Thank you.'
