Title: New horizons discovery
DateModified: '2019-02-16'
DatePublished: '2019-02-16'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/new-horizons-discovery
SetInCountry: Uganda
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "L\xE9onidas Ndereyimana"
AuthorCountry: Burundi
Text: My first travel to Uganda was full of new discoveries. It was leap into the
  unknown. I made the longest road journey I have ever made before. I left Bujumbura
  City one morning in January 2008. I was with my classmates of the English Department,
  University of Burundi. After many hours of travel. We spent the night in Kigali,
  Rwanda where I discovered the first Capital City after Bujumbura City. The bus driver
  told us to get out of it and enjoy the City of Kigali, Rwanda. I was amazed to see
  a beautiful city with nice buildings. But what was most attractive was the hygiene
  I found in that city. It was the cleanest city I have ever seen in my life. It was
  also very cool and comfortable.  I also discovered a city where road travel rules
  are respected. The public transport speed limit is followed by everyone. Early morning
  on the following day, we continued our journey to Kampala City, Uganda where we
  arrived in the afternoon. My first impression was different. Kampala was much busier
  and more crowded than Kigali. It was very cold but we received a warmest welcome
  by city-dwellers. We lived in hotel in a place called Wandegeya, few miles from
  Kampala City-Centre. The following day, we visited Makerere University. I used to
  hear that it was one of the best universities in Africa. It was also one of the
  ancient universities in Africa.  The following days, we visited other tourist places
  of Uganda. We visited Kampala Market, Namugongo Site. It is a memorial site called
  The Martyres of Uganda. We found many other people coming from different horizons
  to visit the site. Later on, we visited Entebbe National Park where I could see
  many living creatures like a lion for the first time. We continued touring other
  places of Uganda. We toured Entebbe International Airport, Bujagari Falls and Lake
  Victoria. I was surprised to discover the color of the water.  My first trip to
  Uganda made me further discover many people because Uganda is made of many tribes
  who speak many languages. I discovered Ugandan food and Ugandan Culture. Ugandan
  people are very hospitable. This made me understand why people say that Uganda is
  the country receiving many refugees in the world. The country is very secure and
  people are free in doing their business.  It was really a new horizons discovery
  .
