Title: New perspectives
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/new-perspectives
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Francesca Giovinazzi
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I''m not usually one to take risks - been hurt too many times in my short life.
  My trip to the South of Ireland is happening mostly because my friend is here with
  me, otherwise I don''t think I could have done it by myself. These past few days
  have been amazing but I''m really looking forward to spending the day at the Cliffs
  of Moher, to lose myself in the nature and search for some answers, even though
  the questions have yet to be figured out.


  As my friend and I approach the edge of the cliff, we notice people sitting on the
  border with their legs swinging in the air: something I don''t think I''m capable
  of, given my clumsy nature. I tell my friend I''m just going to take a few steps
  ahead and he''s a little bit worried but he knows I won''t do anything dangerous,
  so he stays back to take some pictures.


  I''m standing here, enjoing the view, listening to the wind in my ears and all of
  a sudden my doubts have a voice. I know the questions I want to ask myself: why
  is it so hard for me to indulge something unexpected? Why am I so afraid? Why am
  I jealous of these people sitting on the cliffs if I''m not willing to take the
  risk, the leap in the unknown? The queries are still going on in my head as I decide
  to sit down.


  A moment of silence. The view hasn''t changed, but I certainly do have a new perspective.
  This majestic extent of water underneath my feet and as far as my eyes can see is
  breathtakingly inspiring. In this exact moment my mind begins to wander. I''m so
  glad to be here, I feel so alive: why don''t I do this more often? What is it that
  scares me so much about the world? I think the answer has always been in the back
  of my mind: I didn''t know how liberating a leap of faith would feel, so I let fear
  take over everything. It''s useless. There''s a whole life out there just waiting
  to be explored: it only takes the courage to get up from your chair and go find
  it. I''m surprised by the realisation that I''m only seeing the world through my
  friends'' eyes because I''m always waiting for the right moment to hop on a plane
  and leave, the right amount of money, the right company to go on a new adventure
  with them. There will never be such things and there''s no point in waiting patiently
  and fruitlessly, missing one chance after the other. So I promise myself that from
  now on I''m going to jump in the unknown without caring too much about the things
  I''m leaving behind and the consequences. I have purpose to make up for my lack
  of experience and I''m willing to expose myself in order to feel happy, alive, existing
  in this world.


  Back to the present. How long have I been sitting here? I turn around to see my
  friend clearly freaking out because of my unforeseen action, but I can sense he''s
  happy I proved myself that I can do anything I want. I smile and he takes one last
  picture in which, after a long time, finally my eyes are involved. All I did was
  sit on the edge of the cliff and let the Irish landscape surround me.

  I will never be certain about the future. If nothing, today I learnt that a leap
  in the unknown can open your mind like you could never imagine. I can''t wait to
  feel so mesmerised again.'
