Title: 'New steps. '
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/new-steps
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Doria Daimary
AuthorCountry: India
Text: As excitement and anxiety took over on landing in Egypt, the heart gave a little
  tap as the Arabic words started flying in the air. The old city of Egypt won my
  heart, and the people, my soul. It would be safe to say that the dry winter air
  and soft sun of Egypt brought out the wanderlust in me. Sometimes they say people
  travel to find themselves. In Egypt, out of all the things that me and my fellow
  travelling crew did, and all the places we visited my heart only wanted to see more.
  It was amazing how such an old and ancient country was still standing strong till
  today. There was so much to see and so much to discover. So much to discover that
  you'd discover what your heart and soul actually came to Egypt for. Who would not
  like to see the pyramids that they have only seen in pictures and heard stories
  about, and ride on the camel in the Sahara desert. They say experiences make you
  stronger, and I can say that my experience in Egypt definitely made me a stronger
  and a more independent person. I could roam about in the streets of Egypt all day,  admiring
  the beauty and the architecture of the buildings. I could walk around wondering
  how the buildings were built and how long ago that was. Everything was so old and
  ancient. Everything was just so beautiful. Everything was breath taking. Three weeks
  in Egypt passed by and the heart started to feel a little tingle in it, and probably
  a little heavy too. Egypt being the first country visited, other than places in
  my own, I knew there was so much more of the world left to explore and experience.
  There were so many places that the eyes needed to see and the soul needed to feel.
  At the end of the day it's always about the memories, and the moments, and all of
  the things learnt, and all of the beautiful sceneries captured. At end of the day
  it's all about being one with nature, being one with the city, and being one with
  people. We Are One and the world is ours to explore.
