Title: New Zealand&#39;s Hidden Treasure
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/new-zealand-s-hidden-treasure
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Samantha Lynch
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: We made it just in time before it started to pour. After a long day of volunteering
  cleaning up trash on a beach we finally made it to Te Henga, also known as Bethells
  Beach to the locals.  We hiked for about a half hour to 45 minutes traversing the
  moutainscape. It started to started to rain but we decided to explore the area anyways.
  We occasionally took some breaks along the way taking in the view which had all
  of us speechless but it kept getting and better the higher we got up the path.As
  we finally ascended to the top we took a second to catch our breaths and take in
  the view which was spectacular- something I have never seen before. It was perfect
  because all around us was luscious greenery which almost made it seem like someone
  took a filter to it. The ocean waves were calm and the sky was partly cloudy due
  to the rainstorm. There were also large rock formations that were covered in moss
  and were weathered due to the fact that the ocean waves lapped against it on a regular
  basis. I was overwhelmed with the fact of being in awe of nature and how what I
  was even seeing was real.  After spending time taking in our surroundings we decided
  to make our way back to the van but before then we opted to take a stop down at
  the beach which was just us and someone walking his dog.  In the distance the rain
  stopped and I could see a rainbow starting to form. We walked along the beach and
  went  through the little passages that formed in the rock formations but on the
  other side the enclosure it was so small that we had army crawl to get through and
  we all got a little sandy but it was worth it especially to explore the area. The
  whole entire experience I was in awe and made me wish I lived close to Te Henga
  so I could go there on a regular basis and i'm forever envious of those who can
  just pop in their car and hike there!
