Title: ' New Year in the Sahara desert'
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/new-year-in-the-sahara-desert
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rosa Chiacchio
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Travel Note

  Morocco, 31/12/2018 8 pm


  I am finishing this year on the Sahara Desert route and in front of me nothing,
  only steppe and a breathtaking sunset. I am on board a ramshackle bus with a Moroccan
  driver who is unbelievable: he is clumsy, he refuses to use Google Map (he does
  not even know what it is and he prefers to stop and asking to people the directions
  ) and he only speaks Arabic. We went through remote villages where there was no
  hot water, no drains in the toilets but only buckets, when we go out of the bus
  the people look at us with suspicion, the streets are full of "shops" some with
  dead animals hanging out in plain sight ( lambs or chickens) who take and cook you
  at the moment.

  The panorama changes constantly and I never expected all this: plain, little hills,
  mountains, sands.Even if the people changes.

  The program is to go to Sandfish Auberge, taking the camels at sunset towards a
  camp in the middle of the desert: a program that we can not respect since we got
  lost because of our driver.


  Finally we arrive, pitch black, cold and few torches ... the Bedouins quarrel with
  our driver, they charge us on another very folkloric bus to travel 10 km on a dirt
  road . We were convinced that we could not go on the camels but unexpectedly we
  stop, we go out of the bus and here we are: its majesty Sahara.

  There''s an amount of stars that I''ve never seen in all my life and the squatting
  camels sleeping in the dunes ...I can not believe it...a leap into unknown.

  I am astonished and I start the walk with a little frightened. I contemplate the
  peace of Sahara and I weep with joy.


  The Bedouins guide us in the dark and in the most absolute nothing ... around us
  only sand .. we are on the tops of the dunes and our path seems to be the stars:
  they are so many and so close and it seems to be able to touch them (like I believe
  everyone despite the unexpected events) I am infinitely happy because I feel that
  I am exactly where I must be ...

  I make the budget of my year in a few minutes: many low but also many highs: laughter
  and achievements ... so many new experiences and I''m proud of me: one thing I learned
  well this year: to walk and get back on my own without anyone''s help.'
