Title: Nice trip to Cologne, Germany.
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/nice-trip-to-cologne-germany
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ilya Ruzakov
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: 'My name is Ilya Ruzakov and I would like to share my memories of the last trip
  to Germany in December 2018. In every city there is a place where its essence is
  most concentrated, a place of power where you want to return again and again. For
  Paris, this is the Champs Elysees, in London - Trafalgar Square, Berlin - the Brandenburg
  Gate, St. Petersburg - its white nights and drawbridges. Cologne is famous for its
  magnificent Gothic cathedral. It was erected on a sacred site, where even in the
  pre-Roman epoch there was a pagan sanctuary, fragments of which were found during
  excavations that continue in the Old City of Cologne to this day. Then the Romans
  built an early Christian church on this site. After its destruction, a large Romanesque
  cathedral was built, which burned to the ground in 1248. Immediately after this,
  a new cathedral was laid. By the middle of the XIII century in Western Europe came
  into vogue a new architectural style - Gothic. By that time in France there were
  already several Gothic temples that were striking in their beauty and might, and
  the Germans did not want to give in to their neighbors. The new Gothic cathedral
  in Cologne was originally planned as the largest and highest in Europe. Driving
  up to Cologne by train (and this is probably the most frequent option for arriving
  in the city) you are met by the majestic Cologne Cathedral or the House, as it is
  called. From whatever side you drive, it can be seen from afar. Outside, it looks
  very majestic, pompous, although it still stands in scaffolding and is in a state
  of constant reconstruction. Inside, the cathedral amazes even more, stained glass,
  mosaic, organ, arches, sculptures, and just a huge square of the cathedral. How
  many times was he not even count. Directly and attracts to itself. Each time passing
  by the station, I would definitely look into it, at least for a moment. And on every
  visit to Cologne, he discovered something new in it. Probably, some halls were closed,
  services were conducted somewhere, reconstruction, I did not see something, etc.
  In one day, he cannot be understood and felt. In the basement of the cathedral there
  is a museum with relics. Climbing the tower reveals a beautiful view of the whole
  of Cologne. Cologne is rightly proud of its cathedral and say: "Who has not seen
  the Kellner Dom, he has not seen Germany."'
