Title: Nigerian Bride in Finnish woods
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/nigerian-bride-in-finnish-woods
SetInCountry: Finland
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Joan  Kabugu
AuthorCountry: Kenya
Text: We are walking in Finnish woods trying to locate where our Nigerian bride is
  at on the eve of her wedding. The landscape is a blend of fresh green, yellow and
  reds. Flowers in the semi-wild don't need tender love or care, they just flourish
  without a care in the world. It smells like a summer breeze and I feel the freshness
  engulf me with a floral kind of love. I take pictures and videos of everything and
  wonder why we still don't have cameras that can record smells, feelings, and tastes
  in this era of AI and VR. I'm spotting some white-blue loafers, still spotlessly
  clean, there's zero dust in Finnish woods. It's a long trek but nothing for Jojo
  a Kenyan who back home runs weekly in a local forest, a mere stretch for Julia who
  loves walking and inherited deep intellectual knowledge of reading maps from her
  German father. For our entire Helsinki endeavor, we go back to our roots ignore
  google maps and use our maps to find sites and sounds of Helsinki. On this brand
  new adventure, where we took two trains to reach our destination. As we walk in
  the Finnish woods somewhere near I reminisce meeting my friend Vanessa in Liberia
  in 2013. She always made smoothies of banana-pineapple-strawberries. We arrive at
  where she's staying and the hugs of not seeing each other in five years are emotional.
  She makes us Jollof rice. The sun doesn't go down in these sides of the woods. It's
  midnight and we're still chatting with tomorrow's bride. She has to politely tell
  us to go home and catch some sleep lest we show up at her Espoo wedding groggy-eyed.
  We get to Helsinki when there's still light. Julia is from Berlin and knows all
  about short nights. For Jojo in Kenya, this is a marvel that will remain a mystery
  and discovery for many days.
