Title: NO PASSPORT REQUIRED
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/no-passport-required
SetInCountry: Myanmar
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: David Svoboda
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: beep. Step, step. beep. Step, step. BEEEEEEP. STOP! The short Karen man leading
  us through the Burmese jungle held up his hand as the hand-held metal detector indicated
  the discovery of a landmine. I was traveling into the Kayin State in Myanmar formerly
  known as Burma. This beautiful land mass had been ravaged by a civil war since 1949
  making it the longest running civil war that is still ongoing. The landscape appeared
  to be untouched, like something out of 'The Lost World' by Conan Doyle that you
  would never know you were in a conflict zone just by looking around. I had been
  fortunate to meet the right people through my travels to get invited to visit into
  the Kayin State. We had met up the day before on the other side of the border in
  Thailand after driving 6 hours from the airport in Chang Mai. The last hour of the
  drive was full of Thai checkpoints where they asked to see travel documents to make
  sure nobody in our party had illegally entered Thailand from Myanmar. In the morning,
  our truck took us off-road and drove down to a shallow river bed. It was there that
  we met up with our Karen guide from the Burmese resistance. He was going to guide
  us over the border which had been covered with landmines by the Myanmar military
  over the last 70 years of conflict. We were told to leave behind our cell phones
  and cameras. The Burmese were afraid that the American government would use our
  devices to locate the Burmese resistance and that they would inform the Myanmar
  military of their location. My travel companion turned to me as we handed over our
  devices and said, "We will take pictures with our eyes, and store the memories in
  our hearts." We then stepped in the river and waded across to the other side. This
  was the first time I had ever illegally crossed a sovereign border into another
  country. I could feel my heart racing and I wasn't sure if it was from the fear
  of breaking international law or from the excitement of getting to go into a war
  torn jungle that the world had forgotten about. The hike through the jungle terrain
  was incredible. The terrain was full of hills and slopes and everywhere you looked
  there was lush vegetation as if humans had never been there before. To be in a part
  of the world that had no roads, no paths, no infrastructure or evidence of human
  life whatsoever and yet it was home to over five million of the Karen people. After
  an unspecified amount of time we made it to a Karen encampment. The women were making
  dinner for the village and by dinner I mean rice. They had big pots over open fires
  with the rice and a sauce in a separate pot. The sauce consisted of taking fish
  that had been caught in the streams and smashing the entire fish into a paste while
  adding water. They would eat the meals sitting on the dirt ground with bare feet
  eating the rice that had the sauce poured over it with their bare hands. That was
  all they would eat. Every day. The men were walking around the camp carrying their
  weapons. These were not weapons used by the world today. I had somehow stepped into
  a time machine and gone back in time. The weapons were from an era when my grandfather
  was serving in the military. I immediately noticed a few young men hobbling around
  the encampment that stood out from the rest. They were missing parts of their legs
  from the many landmines. Their DIY prosthesis were made from bamboo branches they
  sourced from the surrounding jungle and were no where near as effective as the robotic
  ones we use in 2019 on planet Earth. I was paralyzed, unable to move, as I continued
  to look around with my eyes while my body stood firm. I didn't know what I had been
  expecting, but it wasn't this. As tears escaped my eyes I took one small step into
  the camp and one giant leap into the unknown.
