Title: No Regrets
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/no-regrets
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Suresh Gaddam
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Hyderabad, lathe machines are on, Sandeep and me are a team usually there will
  be three as we don't have another mate we are two, lecturer making rounds,we still
  couldn't figure out how to do while we have 20 minutes more,I am nervous that lecturer
  would find us doing nothing at all from past 40mins and these will impact our internal
  which impacts in final exams,me trying to get some help from friends Sandeep's using
  his mobile which made me even more nervous and suddenly he said we are going to
  chennai as if he isn't in lab at all,I said him to discuss it later but he knows
  I'm not going to say yes after all,so he made up the situation a little more complicated
  saying if you come with me I'll help you with this machine even though my mind says
  no o have no other option but to say yes,next moment he opened a video from youtube
  from which he now learned how to do and I'm safe for now. And as I promised we are
  going to Chennai everything planned now,we are going to stay there 3 days and I
  don't have any interest at all,he is the guy who brings lots of trouble to your
  comfort and he is very chill person. We are going by train and it is going to be
  13hrs long journey,he seemed very exited like it is his first travel, with me it
  is completely different,he planned everything and trying to cheer me up which will
  never going to happen with me,I'm kind of mad at him because of this whole thing
  putting me in that situation and making my decision tough but he is like it never
  happened. We reached Chennai Central and headed to hotel by a local bus. It's 8am
  and I can feel my body sweating. We went to hotel it's looks pretty good it's the
  one thing I liked the most about this travel. We completed our routines and had
  complementary breakfast from hotel. First day is to go mahabalipuram which is 20kms
  ride from hotel. It's so hot. He is making me walk kms and I'm soo tired of walking
  as my clothes became wet with sweating. As I said he is trouble to my comfort and
  now he just started doing that by making fun of shopkeeper who don't know our language
  but it seems fun for him,he is continuing doing all things which are irritating
  me and he calls it fun,I had waited and my patience is completely zero because of
  that heat his doings and all I don't know what I'm doing and a moment later I have
  realized that I have slapped him in face in that shop in front of that shopkeeper
  and he looks shocked even I'm shocked as I didn't know what I have done. There is
  been a dead silent for a moment,there is a traffic police in there coming towards
  us and then shopkeeper said sit silently I'll handel it in our language. We were
  shocked by him, we thought he don't know our language but then he went to traffic
  police and said we know him no problem there. Then he took us to his home Sandeep
  tried apologize but he stopped him and asked if we have some water. We asked him
  why he have been silent even he knew the language and saved us from police with
  whom we don't know how bad it would be because of language then he said "it's good
  to have fun in life" I'm 59 and I have rarely enjoyed my entire life yet I'm here
  living when I see this guy I felt like I missed all this kind of fun,small things
  but fun and I can look my self in you,pointing me. Don't regret like me at this
  age. Yes no one wants to regret at 60's that they have nothing in their life and
  me can't imagine in that situation at all,then onwards we travelled like 8 places
  had so much fun and great moments.  This is my travel story. I'm happy I'm met Sandeep
  I'm happy I met shopkeeper I'm happy travelling.
