Title: Nomadic Nullifications within the U.S
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/nomadic-nullifications-within-the-u-s
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: RIDE Moreau
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: My story begins in the most unusual way. Having grown up in multiple cities,
  I experienced a lot of dishevelment, relocation, home insecurities. This led to
  a impartial view of housing stability and familiarity. I have lived in hundreds
  of different environments and have seen the most interesting of living circumstances.
  I have also used many forms of travel, although I have yet to still wander off into
  to the Asiatic abyss of my hearts desires. Te journey which I have chosen to depict,
  actually starts in Massachusetts. Abruptly after a almost ten year hiatus of idleness
  and of local New England travel; I decided to leap out into the West on my birthday
  in the year of 2018. Although I have had the pleasure of visiting their occasionally,
  this was my chance to relocate on a whim and actually reside there among the mountains.
  Although the idea of mountain country was alluring; I was much more interested in
  the level of elevation and quality of air, and the spectacular views afforded to
  the locals. Seemingly enough I began to do some research on the area and decided
  on a a location, Colorado. Having already visited, California, Nevada and only briefly
  landing in CO one year; I was still intrigued. It was a time of regression for me
  and I was determined to navigate to a anew paradise. Packing up all of my personal
  effects, I cried solemnly as I said goodbye to them. The theme now was a new life,
  I just had to pursue. Making my train ticket a priority, I purchased it a week before
  my departure to mountain country. Setting out the day of my birth alone as usual
  like the introverted occasional mental narcissist that I am, I exited and boarded
  the seemingly mile long vehicle in a cynical manner, adrenaline rushing through
  my veins as fear ran up and down my bones like lightening in a storm. Ignoring the
  the temptation to run off, I sat down in my seat and prayed to a god I was not even
  sure existed and asked him for help. As the passengers poured in, I began my figurative
  physical interpretive analysis of their lives. Me, sitting their and assessing ever
  character that was to accompany me along my journey to an unfamiliar place within
  this great country of mine. What was their back story and how did they end up here,
  with me? When would we separate, and how? Where was this journey currently leading
  them in comparison to me? So many visual aesthetics compelled me to analyze and
  day dream. Fueled by the amazing views of plains, cities, car lots, rivers, fields,
  farms and purple mountain majesty, we set off. It was an enjoyably and excruciating
  three and a half day ride across the country. Every stop created an avenue of new
  perception as mothers, cowboys and city slickers boarded and joined the route de
  "Je ne sais quoi"  along with me, Meadly; who was unprepared while immersed heavily
  in the unknown adventure lying ahead. Here I was on this Zephyr;  newly turned 36
  year old single black woman who had no education or any though or idea of what actions
  would need to be taken, once I arrived. Nonetheless, me and along with all my personalities;
  we were going, no doubt. Asking myself, who would I cling to, who do I know and
  where would I live. No answers to any these questions were available to me; that
  was irreverent. Adventure and risk taking is supposed to be accompanied with things
  cant be explained, sometimes the beauty and harsh reality of life which is spoon
  fed to us simultaneously. The conductors and the staff on the train would ask, along
  with answer questions to help inform, reassure and relieve us of in-adamant worry
  as passengers. The various array of cars on the train were a delightful flurry of
  options some of us did not expect. The sleeper cars, where the we hung out and gazed
  out the windows while children ran up and down the isles avoiding their mothers
  instructions. The dining cars, where I could encounter all sorts  of characters
  who had joined.
