Title: Norte; Edge of the land
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/norte-edge-of-the-land
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Joan Mondragon
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: 'Placid sky with a few scattered dried white strokes. Unusual, as the individual
  underneath it all felt empty and says to herself: "Everything will be alright."


  Clouds drifted away so did the engine rumbled to a start, it''s time to leave. The
  first solo travel for the young woman. 21 and proving to herself on what life is
  worth.


  Been through a churning disposition in life after depression. Existentially crippled
  she wants to see more of what she missed. There maybe more of what she seek.


  The transport service brushed through the aging greenery as it goes forth. In each
  paved curve exposes a tall shark fin tor known as ''Taraw''. Whilst, past imagery
  floats into her consciousness only to fade with the words "Live in the moment."


  After 2 hours the van came to a halt. Smell of salty air welcomed the new arrivals.


  Sabang, a starting port to the infamous Underground River of Palawan. Took her back
  on the day she went on a trip with her family. Angry clouds, jumping boat ''bangka''
  imprinted a thrilling embargo. This was years ago, although she is now alone.


  Watched as a file of new passengers settled in a bangka. It wasn''t her purpose
  of visit to such a lovely place. A stroll by the shore, bits of sand on her toes
  brought her to the location of an unpopular waterfall. Decided to take a dip tomorrow
  as the remaining sun''s flame extinguished by the sea.


  After a light dinner at the cottage she is staying. Explored the evening where she
  let the stars be her way. Indulged in the bliss of freedom, she dived into the warm
  darkness of the sea. Indecisive waves belowed her face each time she resurfaced.
  Water leveled upto her neck thus called it a night.


  Early she went to the advertised Sabang waterfalls, it was a distance to somewhere
  unknown. Talked to the caretaker as he pointed to the direction. Paid and logged
  her entry. Craggy rocks made the path uneasy as she got nearer, grateful to the
  aged roots which kept her steady. A couple more minutes passed from afar caught
  a figure face shaped. As she got closer so it became clearer. Beside the waterfalls
  is a large face stuck on the cliff. Front faced due east and half are exposed, its
  expression unfazed seemed lost in the world. Most would neglect and forget once,
  one had a taste of the fresh soothing water.


  Except her, stunned by the face on the cliff. Fascinated how its gaze lay beyond
  the horizon. Dazed with the idea she is at the edge of the world.


  What''s in store are yet to be seen not by the eyes of what you''ll perceive. There
  are much story to formulate from nature''s well sculpted wall. Tripped waves and
  a thousand drops atop adds to its mystery; A beautiful symphony.


  She took a short dip, immersed in real time. Still left baffled on what she have
  seen. Not the falls but the wall. Heading back, she rested on the bench midway the
  exit. Unexpectedly broke down to tears as she is stuck on this land like the face
  on the cliff. Looked back at its location she now know how to begin, again. A small
  smile of reassurance wrapped her trip.


  Going home different. Change was inevitable something she will get used to.'
