Title: Not just a foreigner
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/not-just-a-foreigner
SetInCountry: Cuba
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Maiya Bonilla
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Traveling on a mission trip with my university to Cuba I didn't set expectations
  nor have much knowledge on the people that lived there. My only assumptions were
  they're people just like me just in a different location and whom speak another
  language. Though upon our first excursion to the homes of some locals I was taken
  aback. I stood in front of people's homes, knocking on their doors wanting to share
  my story and my religion. They didn't shut me out nor did the language barrier or
  the fact that I was a stranger change the way they treated me. With welcome words
  and gestures I was invited into many a people's home. I was asked if I wanted cafe
  as they call it or coffee on numerous occasions, without hesitation I was brought
  into someone's space as if I was their old friend. There was an openness and transparency
  that you don't get in America. Now I thought I knew what hospitality was before
  my trip, but my preconceived notions were all wrong. Living in a southern state
  I think of southern hospitality as being a friendly and attentive host to someone
  that is coming over to the home. It's going the extra mile to make sure someone
  feels comfortable and welcomed into the space, and hospitality is all that, but
  it encompasses much more. Cuba showed me that hospitality is more than offering
  out of my abundance or some obligation I feel but it's a willingness to welcome
  a stranger. It's a simple gesture of asking if I would like to sit down and being
  offered to take in part with the head of the household in food or drink. It wasn't
  giving to people that were my friends but is showing that same care and attentiveness
  to someone that was new to me. Hospitality in Cuba gave the word a more impactful
  meaning. It made me rethink how I would treat a stranger that came knocking on my
  door, initial reaction could be to ignore or cut a conversation short as I might
  be wary of that person. Yet I was shown a great deal of courtesy and respect being
  a foreigner and them knowing nothing of my background. While visiting in Cuba I
  got a lesson on what it means to be treated so warmly, in a place where I was a
  new face I was put at ease. I wasn't expecting to find this type of welcome, partly
  because it wasn't something that I put much thought into but also because it wasn't
  anyone's job to make me feel comfortable. I was the one taking some time out of
  their daily routine and concurrently was also the one being attended to while we
  talked. Cuba will always be memorable not for the beauty, food or friends but the
  people who showed me something outside of the norm, for the openness and warm greetings
  that I was met with.
