Title: 'Not wasting but spending '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/not-wasting-but-spending
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Nur Holif
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: I never left my cozy bedroom before,  it was my first time far away from my
  parents and home. I didn't know what to do or who I would give trust for 3 days
  later.  It was started when my friends invited me to join them in annual camping
  in Leces, Probolinggo, East Java Indonesia. Our agendas were to take scarf grade
  for scout and hiking to Dami and Geni mountain  We stayed and put up tents(it was
  my first time in a tent, so.. ) , our track was so easy but before hiking to those
  special places we had to pass test which can prove that we wouldn't be lost. Using
  compas, understanding the map and team work were tested, after preparation we went
  ahead to highway at 7 a.m and passed Senior high school 1 Leces,  passed small alley
  and getting further and further until arrived our first post and last house in that
  area, we had walked about 5 km, we drank, ate, and took rest for about 15 minutes.
  Dami mountain is very small and not to high, I thought it wouldn't that incredible
  to enjoy but,  the slope is almost 45 degree and it was very hard for me remain
  that it was my first time also I brought a backpack ,  fortunately my friend helped
  me, then I looked at my around and I throwed my negative  thoughts away. Dami is
  so beautiful or maybe beautiful is not right adjective to describe how amazing that
  place.  Suddenly I felt like in New Zealand, full of savanna, surrounded by Bromo
  mountain ranges, fresh air and blue sky, I still can't believe I was able to observe
  that place,we could see small village under us, village that we had been passed.
  It is worth visiting and then our coach showed the next route to the second mountain.
  We had walked about 1 hour from Dami mountain when I felt I should stay at my house
  instead of walking unknown, never joining these agenda. I saw my biggest fear to
  animal,  I saw massive lutung( kind of monkey)  unchained near villager's house.
  I screamed and ran, I left my backpack right in front the villager's house so I
  could run as fast as I can, suddenly I was caught by my partner and he calmed me
  down but still I wouldn't pass through near that big monkey I didn't expect I would
  meet monkey. I almost cried, when I realized all eyes on me  I was so embarrassed
  till my tears didn't want to come After that, our coach promised the monkey wouldn't
  bite anyone in one condition we weren't allowed to run so we walked slowly without
  watching the monkey , finally I survived. If you think after that we would arrived
  at the summit safely, you are wrong.  After the monkey, our next obstacles were
  injured people, so we needed to make stretcher at least 3 stretcher for our friends,
  it was almost 2 p.m and we would had been at the summit if we weren't lost, yes
  we were lost and we had to hik walk up in different track to be at the summit inspite
  of those obstacles and struggles, the summit of Geni mountain is worth it, I could
  look at that area without getting bored.  On the top of Geni mountain we could enjoy
  fresh air and sight of whole place of Probolinggo from the nearest until furthers,
  we stayed and ate our simple lunches. Our journey didn't stop there, I have bunch
  of stories of processing back to our camp and it won't make you yawn while reading
  my travel stories.  This is only little part of my interesting complete travel stories.
