Title: Oaxaca The state of variety beutiful
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/oaxaca-the-state-of-variety-beutiful
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Omar Ornelas Campos
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: I went to Oaxaca city and beaches of the coast line of Oaxaca this last christmas.
  I went by myself, I start this trip in Oaxaca capital arrive in a plane. I had a
  wonderful tour to the thickets tree in the Tule a small town in Oaxaca was very
  beautiful garden then we went to see the pyramids know a little bit of the Zapotecan
  old culture. I see a artesanal clothe wool very beautiful clothes, dresses full
  of brilliant colors. After that I see how its process the Mezcal something that
  I didn't know. The process of Mezcal is hard working. After that we went to see
  The natural pool above a mountain called ''Hierve el Agua'' in Spanish, that in
  English means Heat water. you wonder that Hierve El agua that the water is hot,
  but is not is call like that. is a natural water fall, that the water doesn't fall
  into the cliff, it stay in the natural plate that looks like a pool where people
  can swim or relax is a very wonderful and beautiful nature place you all must see.
  After this I went in a public van from Oaxaca capital to Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca
  here I start my aventure meeting for the first time the coast of Oaxaca, the beaches
  of Oaxaca are very beautiful I never had been there, it was my first time and I
  can tell you that the beaches in Oaxaca look as they look in the pictures. The sand
  beach is yellow brown clean and the ocean is clean, light transparent blue in Puerto
  Angel, Puerto Angelito and Estacahuite beach are very beautiful I took a lot of
  photos and videos of these beaches. I was very happy been there that I would love
  to go again to this wonderful beautiful state in Mexico. I invite you all to go
  to Oaxaca if you like beaches, culture, want to try the Oaxacan gastronomy and if
  you want to see Mountains, different vegetation Oxaca is the place it not only has
  beaches, it has lakes, mountains, forest, crocodiles, turtles and a lot of activities
  that you can do like surfing, scuba diving, swim, boating and much more. I love
  Oaxaca I did snorkel for the first time and was a scary, relaxing experience. There's
  a lot to explore in Oaxaca a place full of variety.
