Title: 'Of Monks and Lions '
DateModified: '2019-02-07'
DatePublished: '2019-02-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/of-monks-and-lions
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Timothy Joseph Henares
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: '''Why are there many pictures of the same monk?''


  ''Here. Have a sip,'' Yiting offers me a cup of butter tea. The aroma is sweet,
  but once gushed down, the lard''s oily consistency and bland taste of milk loses
  satisfaction. ''Do you want more?'' ''No thank you,'' I reply. The weather was cold.
  We were waiting for Kensuke, who was trying to haggle with his meagre English for
  a second-hand North Face hiking bag from a stall. We sat along the road on chairs
  offered by the kirana (convenience) store owner.


  From a distance, a group of Buddhist monks clad in their maroon robes walked meditatively,
  slowly through the muddy pavement. Their voices synchronized as they chanted, ''Om
  mani padme hum,'' while one struck the rim of the suzu gong (singing bowl) with
  a padded mallet that produces a

  deep overtone, creating mini-echoes, as the sound bounces from the street''s walls.
  The aura of the holy men as they passed left me still, an anchor to the present.


  Night was falling. So we decided to visit a handcrafts store nearby a Buddhist temple.
  Huge wheels painted in red, blue, and gold marked with Sanskrit inscriptions beam
  at the entrance. The helms were still wet from the afternoon''s rain. ''Welcome!''
  This is Amar''s shop. A beautiful multi-color flag greeted us. At the lower half
  of the flag, a perfect triangular white mountain resides at the middle. Two snow
  lions lifting up an unfamiliar lamp. From the centre to the top, a sun beams rays
  of red and blue, whilst sitting at the tip of the highland. I have not seen this
  before.


  As my eyes move elsewhere, I spot newspaper clippings stuck on a wooden board. Various
  headlines laid:


  ''I believe in justice and truth, without which there would be no basis for human
  hope.''


  ''A Nation''s culture resides in the hearts and the soul of its people.''


  ''Violence never settles anything.''


  This is not Indian. I''m in Majnu Ka Tilla. ''But who''s colony?'' I was clueless.


  Among the rest, there stood a statement that fulfils my question as to where I am:


  ''The Tibetan nation will not die.'''
