Title: Oh my Prague!
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/oh-my-prague
SetInCountry: Czech Republic
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sofia Mascolo
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I see my parents waving at me from the gate for security controls, then I turn
  the corner. I''m alone. A 16-year-old girl heading to Prague, plunging into an unknown
  culture, language, people. A number of questions merge in my brain: what if I can''t
  understand what people are saying? What if I don''t manage to make friends? What
  if I get lost?

  Am I scared? Maybe, maybe not. Mostly curious and willing to discover what this
  experience has set aside for me.

  Two hours later I''m at Ruzyne, the main airport of the city. I look around; I can''t
  understand what''s written on those big indication panels. I see humanity walking
  and running, speaking and laughing, waving and crying. And I''m here, alone in this
  unfamiliar place that doesn''t speak my language and doesn''t even see me. I''m
  little and humanity is so big and messy; my stillness crashes with this non-stop
  movement, but nobody seems to notice it.

  I reach the bus station and catch the one which is supposed to take me to my residence.
  I still haven''t said a word since I arrived. I look through the window: the landscape
  is so different from my Sicily... Rivers and castles, no sea and so much culture
  that seems to blow in the wind.

  Arrived. The campus is so big and I feel even tinier. I enter my room: nobody''s
  in. Where are my roommates? I find a little note: "we''re out for the weekend, see
  you on Monday!"

  Great, I''m alone again. There''s a two-hour flight and a different culture dividing
  me from my family, from my friends, from my home. I go out for a cigarette. "Hi,
  what''s your name?"

  I turn over to see who''s talking. There''s a girl next to me: she''s tiny and very
  cute, she has long braids and a sunny smile. My heart bursts with joy, my brain
  is all about "Oh my God it''s incredible, someone''s talking to me, she can speak
  English and maybe we''ll become friends!!"

  "I''m Sofia, nice to meet you. What''s your name?".

  Gala became one of my best friends. She is the same age as me and she was born and
  grown in Prague. She''s the most incredible person I''ve ever met: she speaks five
  languages fluently, has a great sense of humour and incredible musical tastes. Her
  family owns one of the best ice-cream shops I''ve ever tried and they welcomed me
  as a daughter. In two weeks I learned a little bit of Czech and discovered places
  I will never forget. I perceived that city as lively and livable, I felt to belong
  to it as a second home - useless to say that, two weeks later, I felt like saying
  goodbye to my own place.

  Thanks, Gala. When I saw your smile, all my "what-ifs" vanished.'
