Title: 'On a shopping spree in Delhi '
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/on-a-shopping-spree-in-delhi
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Meghna  Muralidharan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Shopping in Delhi is always absolute fun as nothing seem to be unavailable
  in the bustling streets of Delhi markets. Be it a modern shopping area of South
  Delhi or bustling bazaar of Old Delhi, the city is nothing less than a paradise
  for the shoppers.


  The most glamorous shopping area in the heart of the city is the Connaught Place
  (CP), built during the British Days designed by Edwin Lutyen. This circular shaped
  market finds a beautiful fountain and park in the center, with convenient and ample
  parking spaces. For decades it continues to be the prime shopping hub of Delhi storing
  wonders in its womb. Radial roads lead out of this centre point to all parts of
  the city connecting old city with the new.


  The underground shopping plaza ''Palika Bazar'' inside the Connaught Circus is another
  marvel of the city which also provides an underground parking. While CP market area
  still retains its original British flavour, the modern Palika Bazar connects the
  place with present modernization. Both Connaught Place and Palika Bazaar market
  remains closed on Sundays.


  Do visit the Baba Kharak Singh Marg where you will find a row of State Handicraft
  Emporias. Prices here are fixed and products are genuine. Typical textiles brasswares,
  jewellery, paintings, furniture and souvenirs from every State can be found in their
  respective showrooms. Pay a visit to the Central Cottage Industries Emporium at
  Janpath in the STC Building Complex for the choicest handicrafts from all states
  under one roof. This Emporia Chain also has its branches in major cities in India
  and abroad.


  The availability of all kinds of necessary and domestic goods along with some excellent
  collection of garments and accessories in reasonable rate have made these markets
  a necessary shopping area in respective zones.


  On the left of the Race Course road, is Santushti (meaning relief), the ideal shopping
  venue to the ethnic art lover created by the Air Force Wives Welfare Association.
  Intricately crafted woodwork, brasswares, terracotta, textiles, jewellery, clay
  toys, and metalwares can be purchased in this tiny arcade at reasonable price. The
  chic cottages against the well-landscaped garden and pebbled paths offer something
  more than shopping itself.


  Opposite the INA market at Laxmi Bai Nagar, Delhi Tourism runs an open air handicraft
  market, Dilli Haat, in which craftsmen are invited from every state to sell their
  products directly. This is an ideal place if you want to taste the different cuisines
  representing each region of the country. Fruit salad, fruit beer are some of the
  specialties which you should not miss in you trip to Dilli Hut. The celebration
  of regional festivals is another attraction of the place.


  Inside the walled city there are some of the oldest market places of Delhi that
  are fascinating the people for centuries. Chandni Chowk (moonlight square) is still
  famous for its silver jewellery, precious and semi precious stones, garments and
  accessories. A journey inside the narrow streets of Chandni Chowk will surely take
  you to the Mughal era. While shopping you could also feast in some of the most famous
  sweet shops and chaat corners. For all kinds of silver and precious & semi-precious
  stones walk into the narrow lanes of Kinari Bazar, also famous for glittering costumes
  of famous Indian mythological characters. Khari Baoli is the wholesale market for
  dry fruits and food grains. etc.


  Towards west Delhi the most versatile markets are Karol Bagh and Rajouri Garden
  which are a striking mix of upmarket as well as flea markets and are quite crowded.
  Another very unique feature of Delhi are its Weekly bazars which exist in almost
  all colonies selling all kinds of household items for its residents. Certain festival
  related bazars are also fast gaining popularity mostly for pilgrim tourists and
  foreign tourists like at Suraj Kund (in Haryana) and the Hauz Khas village which
  is an artificially created village.


  In brief, the experience of shopping in Delhi cannot be compared with any other
  experience in the world and is a treat for itself. We are sure once you take a stroll
  in the market areas of Delhi, you will love to come here again and again.'
