Title: 'On the romance of Italy and being alone '
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/on-the-romance-of-italy-and-being-alone
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Hana Pera Aoake
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: I went to Italy alone, while I was heartbroken. I always thought my first time
  to Europe would be with somebody I loved, not an escape route from the ass end of
  the world, New Zealand, all by myself. I'd studied classics in high school and felt
  that it would be the place for me to go in my state of despair. Rome is dizzy, romantic,
  surprising, hectic, its a mixture of smells some good and some bad and it's strange
  to feel the eyes of Italian men on your body when you feel utterly sexless. I had
  been warned about that and in all honestly I didn't understand Italian so their
  catcalls made me feel strangely validated. I know this is a very problematic thing
  to say, but I really needed to feel that I wasn't completely disgusting and I had
  pizza dripping all over my face, so maybe they were just letting me know and not
  catcalling me at all? My friends I had left in the Netherlands did not want me to
  travel by myself, but I insisted and booked myself a huge three bedroom air bnb
  close to the Vatican. The airbnb I stayed in was too big for just me and each night
  I was there I slept in a different room and even slept in the bathtub one of the
  nights. This airbnb was clearly designed for a couple. I cried heavily into the
  'Love love' duvet on my first night, so hard that I burst a blood vessel in my eye.
  This was while I watched Italian television, unable to understand anything except
  bonjourno and ciao and stuffing my face with the best ravioli I had ever eaten in
  my life. It's hard when you are traveling and on social media. You feel this pressure
  to have the best time of your life and the weight of privilege in even being able
  to travel feels suffocating. I could barely eat or sleep and I have a heart condition,
  so obviously I felt absolutely terrible. I forced myself to get out of bed each
  day and to use duolingo and butcher the beautiful Italian language in my nasally
  kiwi accent. On my second day I walked towards the Vatican to see the sistine chapel.
  While walking around the edge of I saw a man urinating on the wall. I could see
  his ass cheeks. Then a dog that was not distinctive in any way besides being large
  rushed towards me barking. The man urinating turned around and started screaming
  in Italian, while trying to keep his trousers up. His pants fell down and saw his
  penis flopping around like nobody's business. He screamed at the dog. I stood frozen
  in fear. The dog stopped and the man grabbed the dog around the scruff of his neck
  and talked to me with his trousers still around his ankles swaying and burping.
  I couldn't understand what he was saying so I nodded, said 'grazie' and left. Startled,
  I continued my walk around to the entrance of the Vatican. I went on a tour. It
  wasn't disappointing. Its a cliche but the Sistine chapel is still one of the most
  beautiful things I have ever seen in my life. I saw the Pope. He blessed me. He's
  very small in person. Although, I am not very religious seeing the sun set over
  St Peters square was one of the most incredible and spiritual things I've ever seen.
  At the beginning of the tour though I realised that in my tour group I was the only
  person who was single. Everybody else was in a couple. I started to feel despondent
  and started weeping for no reason when the tour guide talked to us about how the
  tiny tiles we were standing on were older than Jesus, I then started to laugh hysterically
  realising that all of the male statutes had their penises cut off and I thought
  about what I had seen earlier that day. I realised that I hadn't laughed that hard
  in over a month and being able to deeply laugh like this helped me start to feel
  less heartbroken and more like myself again.
