Title: On the edge
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/on-the-edge
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Antoine B\xE9langer-Rioux"
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'Forest Burn Shelter. Altitude 1270 m. After more than an hour''s walk on the
  mountain''s crest, it was a welcome sight. Since we''d left the Mount Luxmore hut
  behind, we had not seen any more hikers : they all slept there or went back down
  to Te Anau. I guess no one else was crazy enough to continue on, but we didn''t
  have a choice. The Kepler Track Great Walk was normally done in four days, with
  around 5 hours of hiking per day. Unfortunately, beds in the huts were limited,
  so when my girlfriend and I saw that the only free spots over the next few weeks
  were for the middle hut the following day, we jumped on it. We had no experience
  doing multi-day hikes, but how hard could it be ? It''s just walking ! We did speak
  to the park rangers about the feasibility of hiking twenty hours over two days (we''re
  not totally irresponsible, see ?). They didn''t try to dissuade us, so off we went.


  The weather forecast didn''t announce any rain, but as we were nearing the emergency
  shelter, I didn''t like the look of those clouds. Fortunately, summer days are very
  long in southern New Zealand, so we still had a few hours of sunlight, enough to
  get to our destination, a hut down in the forest. What really worried me was the
  wind : up here, there was no vegetation to stop it, only grasses and the occasional
  stunted shrub trying to hang on to the dirt and rocks. The round tufts of grasses
  had a certain beauty when we first climbed above the treeline, but now they had
  grown smaller and everything was turning gray, like the clouds above us. We were
  walking on the edge of the crest and the wind was threatening to push us off. Our
  backpacks were probably too full, making us even more unstable. During the most
  exposed sections, we grasped each other by the hands. We would sometimes hunker
  down, waiting for a particular strong gust to end before advancing again, half-running
  to get to another safe spot. Often I went first, stretching my arm behind me to
  stay connected to my partner, because the track was too narrow. A wrong step and
  we would tumble down the loose rocks of the mountainside.


  The Forest Burn emergency shelter was very sparse, with no furniture apart from
  a bench built into the back wall. Above it, a sign made it very clear that spending
  the night was forbidden except in case of an emergency. This was not an emergency.
  Yet.


  An hour and a half later, we reached the other emergency shelter, at 1390 meters
  of altitude. The walls were good enough at keeping out the cold, but I knew the
  howling wind would never let me sleep. There was no way we could turn back now,
  the fastest way off the mountain was forward, so we picked up our bags and left.


  Here we were, alone at the top, us against the elements. It was stressful and exhilarating
  and the view was magnificent. We could see the trail go up and down with the crest
  of the mountains and extend into the distance. It seemed we still had so far to
  go, but after a twist around a barren peak, we finally saw the stairs. The way down
  was steeper, but at least we knew we had almost made it. As we climbed our way back
  below the treeline, night was falling. We came across a stream and took a few minutes
  to relax. After walking for twelve hours, I could not imagine anything better than
  dipping my sore feet in that cool water. We eventually reached our hut. It was dark,
  the normal hikers having gone to sleep hours before.


  The following day''s walk was uneventful, with mostly flat terrain. It would have
  been pretty easy if we weren''t completely exhausted. Luckily enough, the rain that
  had been threatening to fall since the previous afternoon started just after we
  got back to our car. We swore we would never do something like that again.


  We managed to keep that promise for almost three weeks.'
