Title: On the table next to me.
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/on-the-table-next-to-me
SetInCountry: China
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Josefina  Frigoni
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: My first time in China. My first time talking to a stranger on the table next
  to me. There he was, a brazilian boy. If you are a Latin American You know the most
  impressive thing you will find in China is someone not speaking Chinese, and of
  course all the temples! But Yes! After a week, there he was, next to me. It just
  took a look. I dont  know how, i started speaking portuguese, he started speaking
  spanish. We were having a real conversation in China, surrounded by the time that
  passed through us so quickly, it was like a hurricane. That moment in life, when
  you know thats all you are going to get. Thats all you are going to have with that
  person, just a deep conversation, like if you knew each other from your whole life,
  but at the same time you just met. That moment when you get the chance, if you are
  lucky enough, to experience not you speaking, not two persons, if not two souls
  conecting and choosing one another. Lets not forget about this tiny detail... you
  are on the other side of the continent thinking... yeah of course this personal
  movie is happening exactly 12 hours away from Home. Funny right? We were still table
  to table when that night ended. But that was The exact Momento that something was
  starting. Dont know how, dont know why. It just took that exact moment of our paths
  to cross in that point on the world. Two international neighbours, Argentina and
  Brasil, what were the chances of meeting in life in China? On the other side where
  it was already Night, i founded myself meeting my mirror. Sometimes its that minute
  you were not stearing at your phone that life as itself presents to you, and there
  it was. HE was just on the table next to me... the begging of the next chapter of
  my life... all over the world ...
