Title: Once upon a time at Yogyakarta
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/once-upon-a-time-at-yogyakarta-2
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Sukiansa Lim
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'The truely i didn''t expect i will go Yogyakarta with whole employee at my
  office , i only know our office win the best service for customer and the prize
  is almost $10.000 , thats enough to go vacation and our destination is Yogyakarta
  , city of study and culture.

  We start to buy flight ticket and finally at Saturday 6am we flight  from Pontianak
  to Yogyakarta , after arrive we were picked up by travel guide and go first destination
  , Prambanan temple for Hindu religion , i can only imagine but now i at that place
  , that happiness is undescribed , this temple have a story and incredible built
  , cause all of temple was made from rock and human , after from that place we go
  eating in local restaurant with local foods. After eating we go to museum at Merapi
  mount which the museum are the books of Yogyakarta cause in this museum we can know
  Yogyakarta history from first founded until now. The museum also have a history
  furniture from old Time and have story for every single furniture, at museum outside
  we can eat grilled rabbit satay , the meat is so good more softer than chicken meat.
  Our journey next is climbing mount Merapi using Jeep , is very great adventure and
  will never forgetten. And the time is going late and we should go to hotel and get
  rest but before arrive hotel we stop by to eat and buy some souvenirs to bring home.
  We arrived hotel at 10pm and its too early to get sleep , so we go to street around
  hotel where is the famous street Malioboro street at Yogyakarta. Ini this street
  you can buy any local things and souvenirs about Yogyakarta. You can also ride a
  horse or horse-dawn carriage , so exciting adventure. We go back to hotel at 00.00
  wib local time , get shower and sleep. Sunday morning we wake up at 5am and check
  out hotel 6.30am after breakfast and go to pindul cave. At this cave there is only
  one way in and is using inner tube for also fews kilometer. At noon we eat lunch
  and go back to airport to flight back Pontianak. Thats my unexpect adventure at
  Yogyakarta.'
