Title: Once upon a witch...
DateModified: '2019-02-23'
DatePublished: '2019-02-23'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/once-upon-a-witch
SetInCountry: Norway
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Anita Melo Souza Moraes
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'It thought it would be just a trip to run the Midnight Sun Marathon, in Tromso/Norway.

  Everything was ready for this trip and I would be the next 18 days traveling the
  whole country of Norway (north to south) with a close friend.

  My schedule had a boat tour at the fjords, see the famous midnight sun, watch the
  whales show and maybe try some special dish there, run a full marathon and, of course,
  enjoy the beautiful scenery of the country.

  At this time, I was in a real sad process of divorce, so this trip would be an emotional
  cure and an extra gain of energy, so that when I returned to Brazil, I would be
  stronger.

  I start my journey at Tromso, where I had an amazing experience. I saw the Midnight
  Sun, I didn''t run my marathon due to a hypothermia at km 34, we couldn''t see the
  whales, but we have an amazing lunch in a Michelin Star restaurant. The trip would
  be amazing and couldn''t imagine nothing better for that moment.

  When I arrived in Trondheim, I was surprised positively with the beauties of that
  city and all the great nature trails we could do. So, in June 23th my friend and
  I decided to go for a trail in the middle of the forest and close to the river.
  When you are traveling in the US or Europe, you don''t think about the dangers that
  a walk can offer, we trust in the security of that country and we get the risk of
  going to further places. So, during this trail we had two great surprises and if
  I can tell, full of mystery.

  The first experience was that we were followed by two girls, that my friend and
  I realized they didn''t move their arms to walk, which got our attention and a little
  weird. But OK, we kept moving and decided not to worry about that. At the end of
  one trail we had two different directions to go, and for us that didn''t know where
  to go, anywhere is somewhere. So, we decide to go to the right and these ladies
  followed us, but suddenly, we decided to move back and go to the left, and these
  girls changed their minds too and we really got scared at that time. So, we stopped
  and wait, pretending seeing the cellphone, and one of the girls just stopped in
  front of us and when I saw her eyes, was like she didn''t have her eyes, or she
  was blind.

  We moved fast and continued going to the left direction now and the ladies didn''t
  follow us.

  We were a little bit scared and moving fast, not talking too much through this trail,
  trying to figure out what had just happened and deciding what to do next, when,
  suddenly in the middle of a walk, we accidentally were taken into a community of
  Wicca witches who were preparing themselves for a big festival that day. Coincidently
  it was a June 23th (summer solstice) and a special day for the witches, at this
  day is celebrated a great Sabbath - Litha.

  The environment was different, people were dressed differently, some even with a
  very different physiognomy. But the energy that engulfed me in that community in
  the middle of that forest was astounding.

  I could never imagine that I would spend the next few hours in a Wicca community
  in that special day. I didn''t know what to do, to think and how to behave, the
  only thing I knew that my life would change that day.

  And that''s exactly what happened. From that day, I returned to Brazil and had the
  opportunity to begin my studies on witchcraft and know more about this fascinating
  story that marked the world and beliefs, but for sure, a culture full of magic and
  that still has a lot to teach to all nations.

  So now, I can call myself witch, with all the formal rituals that it envolves and
  a heart full of passion, love and respect to everyone.'
