Title: Once more or never again
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/once-more-or-never-again
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: JM Owen
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: It's been 29 years since I have skied, nope not a millennial.  Since then I
  have had 5 surgeries on my left leg including 3 in the knee.   The last time I skied
  I was a sophomore in high school, that is the first and only time I ever strapped
  3/8 inch thick boards to my feet and attempted to glide down a vertically inclined
  Teflon coated plain.  Although I was somewhat successful in this endeavor I did
  not get another chance to try is again as a couple years later I decided to kiss
  a tree at 40mph on a motorcycle.  Romantic, I know...  Perhaps young and fearless
  (read dumb) played a part in that event.  One, ACL, LCL, MCL destroyed, a torn meniscus,
  and ankle broken in six places I figured my skiing days were over.  The grace of
  God, a great surgeon and two years of the meanest physical therapist on the planet
  I finally able to walk and ever run a bit.  Never even thought about skiing again.  Fast
  forward to February 2019 29 years after the first skiing experience my brother invited
  me to Wolf Creek with a few friends of his.  It was a tough call, I never thought
  I would even consider skiing again.  Not even a possibility.  But for some reason
  I said yes, even with the thought that I could end up with serious injury and years
  of physical therapy again.  So at 2:30am I jumped in a rented Ford pickup, swung
  by my brother's house and then met up with the rest of the crew going.  We drove
  all day from North Texas to South Fork, Colorado.  After about Clayton, NM it's
  beautiful drive.  Little bumps like pimple on the face of the earth begin to hint
  of what lays ahead.  The Spanish Mountains announce you are entering a more beautiful
  snow covered world.  They have done this for indigenous peoples to explorers for
  thousands of years.  From the Native Americans, Aztecs and Spanish Conquistadors
  they all looked to them as a guide.  The Ute Indians call them "Huajatolla."  "Two
  breasts" for us 5th graders.  We arrive in South Fork, our log cabin that sleeps
  22 located on the Rio River was perfect.  A 20 minute drive to the resort and incredibly
  insulated from the 17 degree temps.  I decided to take ski school lessons on the
  first day, it's been a while and all...  Jake (no not from State Farm) was my instructor
  and never batted an eye with all my questions (like "how do you crash if you can't
  stop?) with ease.  Turned out I did pretty good picking things back up.  I had a
  Thunder Buddy to.  One of the guys, Chris was a newbie too and we comforted each
  other like John Bennett and Ted in a thunderstorm.  It was a beautiful day, 27 degrees
  and bright sun.  Day two, 20 degrees and blizzard conditions all day.  30-50mph
  wind, near white out conditions at times but acres of pow pow!  It felt like greased
  lighting compared to the day before but before long I was able to rotate at will
  and began to learn to use the edge of my skis and really carve it out.  Oh, and
  the knee?  Yeah a little strain but when I got home, heck it has not felt this good
  in years.  The lesson for me?  Stop putting artificial limits on myself.  Yeah,
  nearly three decades later I was still nervous about doing something I should have
  never stopped.  Go, be courageous.  Be limitless, shed your fears.  Also, don't
  be stupid, I stayed on greens but that is more than I could have ever dreamed of.
