Title: One Blog Leads to Another...
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/one-blog-leads-to-another
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Maya Moritz
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'As a first-year American studying in Scotland, I set upon finding the local
  Scots to befriend, eager to truly integrate into my new country. Imagine my surprise
  when, come spring break, my friends hopped on the bus home. As I was only eighteen,
  my mother was wary of having me traverse Europe alone. In the end, I was left begging
  for people to come with me somewhere- anywhere- so that I could make full use of
  the break.

  I gathered two friends- an American and a Scot- who could spare three days each
  with some overlap. Their ideal itineraries were more "Irish pub and tour bus" than
  I preferred, but I was so overjoyed to be going that I decided to complete my own
  itinerary now and discuss it later. They were great sports, allowing me to drag
  them to the beach when the weather was inhospitable and to a small artist village,
  LX Factory, when the public transportation was somewhat irregular.

  But the ultimate test of their patience came when I suggested dinner at an "illegal"
  restaurant. I''d found it on a few blogs that came up when you searched some combinations
  of "Hipster Lisbon," "Local Lisbon," or "Alternative Lisbon," and it promised to
  be unlike any other dining experience.

  The blogs wrote that Lisbon''s illegal Chinese restaurant was something of a secret,
  housed in unmarked apartments mainly around Martim Moniz. After plenty of cod and
  pasteles de nata, as well as a heft bill at Bica do Sapato, we were ready for something
  more exotic, something with spice and smoke and student prices. But we weren''t
  quite ready for this.

  When my co-travelers heard me say it was "somewhere around Martim Moniz," they ordered
  an Uber. They''d realized that that phrase meant we would be spending half the day
  getting there and half the day wandering around the area and were eager to simplify
  the plans. When the car stopped in a graffiti-lined, dirty alley, one friend asked
  if we had the right address.

  "Yes," I said with false confidence, "100%. This is it! It must be one of these..."

  Our Uber driver offered to take us somewhere else, but he hadn''t finished speaking
  by the time I left the car to study the house numbers. I stepped over a few broken
  bottles to find the right number and pressed the buzzer. My friends stood behind
  me, poised to run off. When the door buzzed back and opened to a pitch-black staircase
  with no end in sight, one said she would have the police on hold if we entered.
  I climbed the stairs as they waited downstairs.

  At the top, I heard some far-off Chinese spoken and saw a light, so I called my
  friends up. Their steps were slow and cautious, but together we entered into a large
  kitchen, but definitely not a restaurant kitchen. Three people stood around smoking
  and casually moving a pan every few seconds. In very rough Portuguese, we asked
  for a table and were seated in a smokey dining room with locals. The waiter spoke
  no English and we pointed to what sounded like something we may be able to eat.
  The menu featured odd animals, which my friends were loath to try.

  Even without ordering the less familiar dishes, we found ourselves eating soup with
  a consistency similar to mucus (delicious nonetheless) and dumplings shaped like
  Santa''s sack of gifts. We filled up to cover all the meals we missed by going for
  dinner too late (9, somehow) or too early (6). At the end, our waiter came over
  and offered us a green bottle with a plant inside. "Fire water?" he asked.

  We didn''t know the Portuguese for "What the hell is that?" so we agreed and each
  took a shot. Fire water it truly was. My liver burned and felt like it was trying
  to exit my body through my navel. My American fellow traveler was undergoing similar
  pain. The Scot, my third partner, simply smiled and asked for another.

  Eventually, the smoke forced the American friend to ask for the check, but I''ve
  never had a meal quite like it and don''t think I ever will.'
