Title: 'One basket '
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/one-basket
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Kiran  Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Chandni chowk is one of the great historic place of India. Small shops to big
  ones, wedding shoppings to electrical shopping, worship places to Red Fort all these
  make this place a must visit for the travellers. Its a perfect blend of history
  of culture and food.

  During my visit to the place I explored many things but what was unexpected for
  me is to find a man with his very small stall of ''kachori sabji'' (a spicy snack,
  originating from the Indian subcontinent, and common in places with Indian diaspora
  and other South Asian diaspora. Alternative names for the snack include, kachodi
  katchuri and fried dumpling.)

  This man put his stall everyday near Chandni chowk''s gurdwara and sells fried dumpling
  in 20 bucks.( believe me its amazing in taste). With my conversation with him,  I
  get to know that he was the worker of a shop where these dumpling were sold some
  decades ago. Later the shop owner decided to stop selling kachoris.  But that worker
  decided that he will not leave this work and even the shutters of the shop down
  but his passion doesn''t die. He started selling these dumplings on the small stall
  where he put kachoris in one basket. The man described that basket as his world.
  Everyday he sells kachoris there and he proudly said " dukaan nhi rahi paar kachori
  hmesha rhegi" ( shop is not there but kachoris will be always there).

  His personality was completely a shock for me as I never met a person who has this
  much of love for his work that he even don''t care about less earnings from kachori
  selling work.

  My visit to chandni chowk was amazing but after meeting that person my visit became
  memorable.

  Also I get to find that if I want to cheat my diet and let my tounge roll on tasty-affordable
  kachoris I will hit chandni chowk for sure. And obviously my purchase will be from
  that one basket kachori shop.'
