Title: One night
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/one-night
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Eka Nora Vitaloka
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: One day. I want to go to Malang, from my city Bojonegoro to Malang is need to
  left Surabaya by bus. But, without i know before in Surabaya all the driver bus
  was did a demonstration because of online transportation. They wont bring anyone
  to go. So i stop in Surabaya without any transportation at 7 pm. Then i remember
  that i have a friend who stay in Surabaya, his name is Yoga. I call him then tell
  him to pick up me. We really need 4 hour from bus station to Yoga's boarding house.
  That was to late to go and no one transportation operated on that day. Yoga said
  that "you better stay here until it get better", then i decide to stay. The first
  thing we did is eat, im so hungry actually. Then he bring me to go to his friend
  coffe shop, because he need to did some task. When we at coffe shop every thing
  going right he introduce me to his friend. We stay there until midnight, we talking
  about coffe, friends, where we met, and everything. And also we play with cats.
  I bring two cats from my house actually. That was so crazy thing, i give them some
  food and drink. That was fun when the coffe shop let you bring your pet in and play
  with them in there. That wasnt beacuse the owner is a friends, but they really like
  cat too. Then Yoga still have a date with his task until 4 am so i have to stay
  awake. The coffe shop is close at 5 am so they let us stay at there. Because i was
  so tired he let me sleep at his car. Then at 4 am he felt so tired ao he sleep before
  bring me to bus station. Then at 6 am he wake up and we go to bus station. We shall
  said a good bye here. Then because i could sleep well at his car i still felt fall
  asleep. The crazy thing happen when i was slept is my cat was poop at bus. The smelt
  of their poop is going everywhere then the people around me is complaind. I felt
  so confused and dizzy then i just take hem under my chair. I was artived at 10 am,
  then the first things i did is grooming my pets then go to sleep again. So crazy
  one night without any plan. Met some of new people and memorable things. The end
