Title: Opening the boundaries of my mind
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/opening-the-boundaries-of-my-mind
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Taha Basrai
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I had heard that travelling will open your mind, but I never actually had felt
  it, until my recent trip to Rishikesh. To give a proper context about my story we
  have to back it up a little. I belong in a conservative family, and i am never really
  permitted to go out alone anywhere, and so far I had been to Goa and Rajasthan but
  there my way of travelling was really obnoxious and unpleasant as I was constantly
  in my comfort zone everywhere, but inside I knew that I had deep and everlasting
  rush in me for the unexpected and unplanned things in life, that is not just to
  survive but to also be myself in the unknown. And so this takes me to the chapter
  of my trip to Rishikesh. I knew that my trip would not be easy so I had collected
  some money from odd jobes in between my time from my college and I just left for
  the trip. I didn't have anything planned I just had faith in people that I would
  find some help here and there and would probably make it back in one piece, and
  I have to say that my faith in people didn't let me down. I agree at first I was
  scared a lot of the outcome but I knew that there will definitely be a silver lining
  to my trip. Majority of all Indians believe in the philosophy of  'VASUDEV KUTUMBHAKAM'
  which broadly translates into the world is a family. As i reached Rishikesh I knew
  that it was true, as what came as a surprise to me was I was not alone in Rishikesh
  there were people who were there without any place to live or eat and still there
  was an everlasting smile on their face, I knew that moment that my decision to  come
  to the yoga capital of the world was undoubtedly the best decision of my life so
  far. Next thing I know, I was interacting with people all around the world and gaining
  insights to their struggles and how they overcome it. Listening to the life stories
  of those unknown people really changed my perspective towards life and for the first
  time in my life my mind opened to something which cannot be explained in mere words
  but can only be experienced. It was the feeling of forgetting all about everything
  you did in the past and seizing the moment which lies in front of you. For that
  moment I could be whoever I wanted to be in life and I choose to be the happiest
  person in the world. For the first time since the inception of my life nobody was
  dictating terms of my life and i had finally discovered my inner voice and what
  exactly made me happy. I found my calling in the mountains and through the aura
  of divinity of the location. I also learned that to become a traveler would only
  be an uphill task from here, but it is the type of lifestyle I want to adapt and
  i know that if my heart is really onto something the whole forces of the universe
  cannot stop me from achieving what I want. To sum it up its I started enjoying the
  tiny things around me in Rishikesh, like I started to gaze upon the beauty of the
  clouds over shadowing the green mountains, I started listening to the sound of the
  breeze,the sound of the holy water of the Ganges and many and many other little
  moments, for what I knew that all my negativity had been washed out of my system
  and all my struggles were worth it. when I reflect back on my trip my understand
  that it was never about the location it was all about expressing myself and not
  being ashamed of it. This is my story of how travelling opened my mind by adapting
  the evolving through the unknowns of life. People say travelling is dangerous, I
  say it may be but following a monotonous lifestyle is just lethal.
