Title: Painting in the dark
DateModified: '2019-02-16'
DatePublished: '2019-02-16'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/painting-in-the-dark
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Pantelis Nikolopoulos
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'It''s 7 in the morning. I hear the alarm but I don''t remember the reason I
  ve put it. Suddenly my phone is ringing.

  - Wake up, you re gonna miss your flight. I realise, I m flying to Venice. Finally,
  my date with destiny. A dream is coming true. I m going for an adventure to the
  unknown. I leave my country without money, job and without a place to live but Venice
  is calling me.


  I arrived at Marco Polo airport. A bus is waiting to take me to Venice. But the
  time I reached Piazzale Roma, the Central Square, magic and mystical moments started
  to unfold. I started to walk, passing bridges, watching the gondolas slowly moving,
  a bright sun shedding light to the old buildings. People from all over the world
  getting lost inside the narrow paths of the city. You need a map and a compass,
  or just get lost and let your senses guide you to the nearest Osteria, have a nice
  Spritz or an espresso, speak with the locals, ask them about the museums, the things
  you have to do before the sun goes down.


  Everyone will tell you, visit Rialto Bridge, it has the best view, especially during
  the sunset. Go to San Marco Square, watch the beautiful lions standing there 500
  years, guarding the old temple. Breathe the air of Venice, breathe the history.
  The world''s greatest artist, writers, poets and merchandisers have crossed the
  streets of Venice.

  Take the vaporetto, to go from one part of the city to the other. You ll realise,
  walking in stone paved streets is not so easy. Visiting the old Palazzo''s, you
  ll discover the glory, the beauty and the wealth of this city. One of the biggest
  economical centers of the world the last 5 centuries. Great galleries with the best
  work of art. All the evolution of the humanity in one city. The past, the present
  and the future all together.

  It''s afternoon already, I have seen nothing yet but I m really hungry. Everywhere,
  bars, restaurants, traditional and modern, small vendors in the street with fruits
  and vegetables. I need a lifetime here to try everything they have. One of my favourite
  places for a gastronomical adventure. So many combinations with pasta, tramezini
  for a quick snack. Aperitivo time, drinks and mini snacks are offered. Italian people
  really love it. Talking and drinking. This place is so old but so alive.

  A magic journey has just began. The night is coming. I can''t wait to see the city
  under the moonlight...'
