Title: Palms, fire and ashes
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/palms-fire-and-ashes
SetInCountry: Guatemala
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Miguel Angel Grageda Garcia
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: '"I hid under the table as fast as I could, I heard rocks falling from the sky,
  everything was deep darkness"... Pablo was telling us, as he was guiding my brother
  and me to the summit of the great Pacaya, one of the three active volcanoes in Guatemala.


  We met Pablo locally in the town of San Vicente Pacaya, a young man who has lived
  in this place since his childhood along with his family and surrounded by Pacaya
  palms, plants that give the name to the volcano. They have had a delighted life
  for decades, although they know that under their feet a titan remains sleeping,
  lost in a placid but shallow dream that occasionally causes the giant to launch
  a snore, followed by a great fumarole. A reminder for the inhabitants of San Vicente,
  of the tremendous strength that can awake at any moment and discharge their anger
  in the surrounding places.


  As happened a decade ago, one night when Pablo was on his way back home, he perceived
  that something was not right. The ground began to rumble, and he noticed a column
  of smoke rising high darkening the sky, with a cloud of ashes covering every single
  star. Running as fast as he could, and with the terribly accelerated beating of
  his heart, Pablo entered his house and took refuge under the old wooden table that
  was in the kitchen. While he was crouching, he began to hear loud noises on the
  roof. They were incandescent rocks that fell one after the other. Wrapped in tears,
  Pablo was alone in the darkness waiting for the worst. That night, the volcano erupted
  in fury and there was no place that would provide entire security. Pablo had no
  choice but to wait, wait and wait.


  After a few hours, the calm began to arrive. In the distance, the cries of despair
  of some neighbors broke the silence. And suddenly, out of the gloom, there was a
  scream that called Pablo by his name "Pablo, son, where are you?". it was his mother,
  getting back home, looking for him with despair. That night, Pablo was rescued by
  her who fortunately was alive. Most of the people survived, although, not everybody
  had the same fate, a journalist who was trying to document the event was covered
  by the cloud of incandescent ash and his life was lost.


  Pablo''s memories made me imagine like I was there while we were descending into
  the crater, admiring the black rivers of lava that at some point had flowed down
  burning everything in its path. As we were walking through, I noticed the prints
  left by our feet on the fine layer of ash that covered the dark surface that could
  be entirely monochromatic, except for the yellow patches painted by sulfuric gas
  escaping through tiny fissures on the crust. Suddenly, Pablo stopped and removed
  a rock that was covering a cavity on the ground, he wanted to show us how alive
  Pacaya was. We took a look inside and I was surprised to feel the heat coming out
  like an oven. We kept walking around the rim of the crater, and in the distance,
  we saw two more titans: The volcano of water and the volcano of fire. Two majestic
  giants that stood before our eyes, allowing us to admire their beauty. We looked
  at them without even imagining that a few months later, one of them would awake
  and destroy a small village that at that moment was home for many people.


  My mind flies away thinking on the fascinating lessons that nature can teach us,
  and how fast a landscape full of life can become a desolated field of stone and
  ashes. Undoubtedly, living here is wonderful, but it is hard to think that this
  tranquility may change in a moment. Thus, with the sun hiding on the horizon, our
  day was getting to an end and with our backpack prepared we were ready to continue
  our journey to the city of Antigua, not without saying goodbye to our new friend
  Pablo, wishing him good luck and a prosperous life next to his beloved volcano,
  the magnificent Pacaya.'
