Title: Panic and Tourism in Andalucia
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/panic-and-tourism-in-andalucia
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Justin Ednie-Brown
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'I like to see myself in the image of an authentic traveler. To define what
  that is exactly, isn''t easy. To define what it is not however, is. It is not a
  tourist. Wherever that herded mass of consumers of artificial mediated experiences
  are flocking, I am trying to find a detour to avoid them. However, it is a simple
  fact that sometimes it is impossible to escape them.


  My big trip for 2018 was the Spanish emblem of Andalucia. Flying first into Morocco,
  I headed north overland in order to look through the arabesque window which so markedly
  defines the Andalusian style. Taking the ferry from Tangier across the narrow mouth
  of the Mediterranean I excitedly tread my first steps on this land of mysterious
  antiquity. It was very quickly however that I realized I was in mortal danger of
  becoming a tourist.


  What danger is this exactly? It is an existential threat to self. The traveler is
  by definition vulnerable, on the edge of the unknown and it is this risk that opens
  the window of self discovery. Through our journey we find ourselves again and this
  renewal is what gives real value to travel. Tourists are by contrast cowardly. They
  flee from themselves within the comfortable confines of their spoon fed interface
  and come home with nothing deeper than holiday snaps and fake souvenirs to show
  for it.


  Now ''each to their own'' is a necessary philosophy of respect, however a serious
  problem for authentic travelers is the pervasive atmosphere of tourism. Andalucia,
  rightfully is a super popular travel destination and has recently become the darling
  of the burgeoning new travel class emerging from China. Its most spectacular sights
  are not just overrun by hordes of tourist groups but by the fortifications of tourism
  providers and their monopoly on mediating our experience of it. I was starting to
  panic, Andalucia was beginning to feel like a authentic traveler''s nightmare.


  But who was really at fault here? Perhaps this was a new type of challenge for the
  authentic traveler. A test of self that I had not expected, and which ironically
  was not the unknown, but the all too well known that was at the source of it. I
  realized that up till now, traveling through the outback of wilderness Australia
  or the exotic cultural tangents of India, I had relied on the very unexpected and
  extreme nature of things to surprise and shock me into self awareness. Here in the
  Andalucian fairy tale theme park I would need to rediscover my inner traveler in
  order to survive.


  What did this mean exactly? I had to discover the openings into the real world that
  lay hidden in the touristic fantasy landscape. At Ronda, the romantic site of the
  bridge conquered El Tajo Canyon, were every toilet is guarded for a fee. I scrambled
  my way through the thicket of fig trees beneath the glorious bridge to discover
  ruined aqueducts that silently bathed in the trickle of water beneath crumbling
  arches.


  In Granada, after discarding my now expired ticket to the Alhambra, jewel of Andalucia,
  where viewing is dictated by a timetable and entry tickets must be booked months
  in advance. I pushed past the outer perimeter of the car park to find behind a screen
  of antique olive trees the Cementerio de San Jose where a truly palpable mystery
  emanated from the past to the present. No one noticed that I had arrived. Majestic
  tombs embellished in sculptural works worthy of a museum, stood silently under the
  trees enjoying the breeze on their marbled skin. Wandering among this labyrinth
  of heavenly abodes, I privately faced my shadow and reflected on whether peace or
  restlessness resided there.


  As it turned out, Andalucia is absolutely abundant in such unexpected encounters.
  I had struggled with my prejudice, and faced my own dependence on circumstance.
  I now saw the tourist industry for what it really was, just a thin veneer that yielded
  with little struggle against the adventurous impulse. I had found the truth that
  just a few steps past the well trodden path is all we need to discover something
  magically unexpected.'
