Title: Paths of the past
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/paths-of-the-past
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Uriel de Araujo
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Things had changed ...

  Yes, I had noticed, but what went on was the flowers, always blue.

  I wandered slowly through the streets. I was not noticed by anyone, as I wished.

  A faint childhood scent followed my lungs, I felt something coming, something I
  could not stop. I sat down in the old chair in the square, where once many important
  things had happened. Then they came to the fore, were memories, memories of everything
  before my life changed, before I discovered, before I knew.

  I took advantage of the situation, searched in the background memories that I did
  not know had been stored. They were cool, and understandable.

  I stood up slowly, a smile on my face still sunburned. I do not remember where I
  went after, but I left the town.

  I went back to the road, understood everything. Laugh at the situation. How naive
  she had been for all those years!

  Behind it was the city. My backpack no longer weighed. The earthen floor was whitish,
  and not reddish, as near my distant old house. The silence was sublime, melody to
  my ears. My legs no longer grew tired, so I hurried on, sinking deeper and deeper
  into that long journey.

  In front, you can see a small stream. I carefully approached. The heat was great,
  in the distance I heard an eagle, with its long calling. I reached down and reached
  for the water, quenched my thirst, threw it in my face, a slight coolness ran down
  my face. I sat down by the side of the road to eat the last guava left. It was the
  best of all, of thick, green bark, and so red and sweet, so sweet that its scent
  could attract bees in that desolate place.

  Sitting there I could finally remember home, my family, to whom I gave all the credit
  for having made me leave. Memories, memories long dead, things I did not want or
  need to remember.

  A truck came, I waved hopefully, but he kept going, raising the huge wall of dust.
  I lowered my head, and started walking again. My shoes bothered me, I took them
  off, the ground was as smooth as a brown rug.

  The pastures continued to the horizon, sometimes sprinkled with a few cupinzals.
  From the road the river was not perceived. The road began to rise, trees appeared,
  and brought with them delicious aromas of flowers. Enjoying the birds I kept going
  up. Suddenly the fences had disappeared, had to have entered some great farm in
  which the road cut, the fields were open, very inviting. I realized that I would
  spend another night on the road.

  I went into the fields, away from the road. I went through a small forest where
  cows sheltered from the sun. I picked some sticks for the fire. I came upon a beautiful
  valley, with flowering flowers and dry twisted trees, as if trying to escape the
  heat. I got a place there, piled up the sticks, and set the little fire.

  The lights went behind the last mountains, the clouds reflected the last breath
  of the sun, that left me in the darkness.

  The fire burned slowly, and its yellow flame burned the book I read. Suddenly the
  sky lit up, thousands of stars appeared, and in the little forest, millions of fireflies.
  I stopped reading. The crickets began their melodies. I reflected on what I had
  just read, the writer was good, left metaphors to be analyzed. I liked it, it occupied
  my mind, it made me forget my insignificant problems.

  I looked up at the sky, it was beautiful. I regretted being aware of those splendors
  only at that moment. Something touched me inside, I was moved, and for the first
  time I did not feel alone, I liked to have company, especially for a being as illustrious
  as nature.

  I closed my eyes and prayed, thanked him for getting there, and asked for protection
  to reach my destination, if it existed. I asked to protect all the people they needed,
  and the ones they thought they did not need.

  Slept...

  Yes, things had really changed.'
