Title: Paying Tribute
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/paying-tribute
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Clara Stolze
AuthorCountry: Austria
Text: 'It was the smell of fish and chips that has planted itself into my brain. This
  sensation branded London for me forever.


  What had I expected?, I asked myself when we finally drove by endless fields. The
  city still hadn''t left my mind. London - it had hooked me. Even though, I hardly
  spent one hour there I had already fallen for it. The nine-million-inhabitants city
  is famous. Not only for the high prices of property, a problem even Sherlock Holmes
  already had. London is famous for the diversity of the population, a consequence
  of the Commonwealth. London is famous for its world-wide known sights, often created
  by monarchs, whose descendants still reign. London is famous as a financial and
  political centre of Europe, of the world, maybe fainting at the sight of Brexit.
  London is famous.


  What had I expected?, I asked myself when we finally drove by endless fields. The
  fields followed up on an hour of industrial buildings. Shopping centres, lying on
  the ground selling cars or furniture and office towers, reaching for the sky and
  for the future. Before this obligatory backpack of every big city, we have been
  driving through suburban areas for over an hour. The traffic was slow, as it was
  evening and everyone swarmed away from the central city to their homes. Red brick
  buildings behind which the sun set slowly.


  That is nearly it. That is the glimpse I had of this metropole. From Gatwick Airport
  per train to Victoria Station, from where we went on, by foot, to the coach station.
  What I saw were big towers and small houses of brick, as well as the zebra crossings
  saying "Look Right" in order to prevent mindless tourists of jumping in front of
  a car. Before the plane landed in the United Kingdom, I had not thought of London
  as my destination, in fact, it was not my destination. I was to travel through London
  in order to arrive in Cornwall in the early morning of the next day. I have thought
  of London as a small step on a big journey. I totally underestimated the city. However,
  London did not want to be underestimated, did not want to be travelled through.
  London wants to be visited and appreciated.

  The moment I stepped off the airplane at the airport of Gatwick, I felt that London
  was much more than only famous. I didn''t have to see the popular Tower Bridge or
  any other of the uncountable sights, the city can offer. I simply had to smell fish
  and chips. The smell was the first sensation. At first I thought I had imagined
  the smell as I was hungry at that time. It took me quite a while until I realised
  that the smell was laid all over the city. Street by street, no matter how often
  a double-decker bus drove by or on how many autumnal trees we walked by, the smell
  stayed the same.

  Even before the smell, I had another impression. It was the buildings. Red brick
  buildings. We stood in the crammed train from the airport to Victoria Station and
  watched the red bricks fly by. One by one, with little differences. Every house
  had some little individualities. Only if you compared the first and the last building
  you would realise they are not the same. This gives the residential areas a touch
  of unity. They all belong together and they all together belong to this big metropole,
  which is awaiting them every day for work or school or in their leisure time.


  What had I expected?, I ask myself now. That I am standing here. Now in the middle
  of the noise at Picadilly Circus or as one of thousand visitors in the queue for
  tickets to the British Museum. I had not expected, I would underestimate London.
  And in order to prove myself wrong, I came back. And now I can pay tribute to the
  greatness of London.'
