Title: Peace
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/peace-3
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rakhi Nair
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I am an Indian and thus I am sure about all the diversity and beauty that this
  country owns. I havent travelled a lot but I know its in my veins. The best place
  I have travelled is Kudachadri hills in karnataka. Its beauty on the lap of nature.
  To get there, we have to use jeep as a transport. Its a complete three hour journey
  to reach the top. It all started with the jeep, which took us to the mountain top.
  I didnt know what was about to happen and thus it excited me in every way possible.
  Every second just made me wanna reach there a second early. Nature was just welcoming
  us with both its arm. On the way, we saw various reptiles side the road. I saw some
  houses in the middle of the jungle. The sounds of wild animals made the trip more
  thrilling. Because of the rainy atmosphere there, the roads were miserable and thus
  using them made me feel weird as it was my first time up on these roads. The width
  was very less and it made the trip more intresting. Actually that was the best part,
  as there was space for only one jeep and it was a two way road. I guess my phobia
  for height just emerged at that moment as I was looking down 10000 feet down the
  mountain with the jeep being on the end of the road. Those drivers were unbelievably
  good and it was a really perfect way to reach the top. The jeep drops at nearly
  14000 feet above the sea level as thats the last top. There is a beautiful temple
  up the mountain which literally gave me all the emotions of happiness. We climbed
  the mountain and I finally did complete my hiking for 2000 feet. I was literally
  tired of all the journey as it two nearly 3 hours to reach the top. But I dont know,
  it never mattered I guess. All I can see was the way Mother nature was nourishing
  her own beauty. It is a holy place actually but moreover it is a place of natural
  finesse. Sitting there doing nothing and enjoying the perfect breeze was everything
  I would ever need. I was 16000 feet above sea level and all I cared was the silence
  which was in the air. I mean I cant even explain how it felt there because it was
  way to spectacular and perfect. The serene feeling just pops your heart with thousands
  of blossomed flowers.
