Title: Peace in Paradise
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/peace-in-paradise
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Madhur Kavathekar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'At the noon, Standing in front of iconic 1925, Swiss made X Class locomotive
  installed outside coimbatore junction, I have realized my mistake. Forgetting hat
  and goggles at home in the burning heat of south India is not a good start of journey.

  Accepting the fact I have gathered my stuff and started walking towards my next
  stop, but before that I wanted to get off load of tiring two days long train journey
  out of my body. The only possible way of doing it would be getting a nice cup of
  coffee. I looked around and saw a restaurant across the street.

  Before the local rickshaw drivers come and gather around me I went in hurry to the
  restaurant opposite of the station which was small yet crowded. A skinny guy came
  and asked me something in local Tamil language. With a question on face I asked
  "coffee?". He understood and brought me nice cup of hot coffee.

  My journey to this south Indian paradise was also started over a nice cup of coffee,
  wanting to take a break from my daily routine of complaining about everything and
  doing nothing at home. Quite funny, isn''t it? So I decided to get this illogical
  (for others) week long tour including 4 days of train journey and 2 days of stay
  and attend night long meditation program which was going to happen in coimbatore.

  I finished my coffee and started walking towards bus stop from where I was supposed
  to get my bus. Almost an hour of waiting at the stop I got to know that it was cancelled
  due to some reasons. Another disappointment since arrived. Searching for another
  option to reach the venue I came near station again. A rickshaw driver came and
  asked me if I needed any help. He knows a little bit english which made it  easier
  to communicate. But still negotiating over fare price in india is hard. We both
  agreed on something which was affordable for both of us.

  I was little tired because of the journey but as we reached halfway in the plain
  landscapes covered by tall coconut trees both side of the road I forgot about everything
  and lost myself into it. The breeze coming on my face bringing the smell of coconut.
  I was lost into it. "That''s my home there" rickshaw driver pointed towards small
  group of houses near horizon. I realized how far he has to come everyday to make
  a living for his family. I smiled and said, "It''s nice, you have got a beautiful
  nature around your house". He smiled too. "Where do you came from?" He asked me.
  As I said Mumbai he saw through the rear mirror surprisingly. I realized that it
  was because of I came so far just to attend one day program. I nodded and continued
  looking at breathtaking landscapes. Despite having a language barrier I felt like
  home there. Probably because of coconut trees and red soil which is similar as where
  I grew up.

  I reached at destination on time. Gathering my emotions again I started walking
  on the small road which led me to the venue through the farm of coconut trees. There
  was a nice arrangement made for everyone to keep the luggage and bath in the pond
  of cold ground water coming from the mountain. The nice cold bath was the only thing
  what I needed after tiring journey. It made me fresh till my very soul.

  I have attended the program and came home with a calm and fresh mind. I''ll recommend
  everyone this one trip to attend and feel the calmness once in a lifetime. My first
  solo trip and first south India trip went very well. I found my peace in the paradise.'
