Title: PEOPLE MATTER!MORE THAN THE PLACE
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/people-matter-more-than-the-place
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: puru sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Okay so here i start.


  Orrisa(odisha) is a land known for its tribal cultures,the sambhalpuri(Indian classical
  dance form) dance and numerous ancient Hindu temples notably the sun temple of konark
  and jaggannath temple of puri but luckily we(me and my 2 friends) got a chance to
  travel and fortuitously to travel some other parts,mainly the bhadrak district which
  is a coastal.


  Our(me and my friends) motto to travel to that place was to spread some yoga awareness,take
  some sessions and teach the meditation and pranayama techniques for a better life
  style.


  The sights of orrisa include the beaches,the captivating fields of paddy,the comely
  temples,enticing jungles of the tribal belt and what not ,

  But the best part of orrisa which makes it a heavenly place were its people because
  the only thing that i comes into my flashbacks when i try to relive the moments
  of that place are those people only particularly Mr. Sanjib Pradhan(our host) and
  his family who kept us like their own children, Mr. akshay who for 20 days continuously
  took us on his motorcycles to every single event that he organized, Mr. noda who
  kept us at his home during our village tours ,the students whom we taught,a bunch
  of kids who came and took selfies with us like we are some celebs and all those
  smiling and shy faces who came across in this whole journey .

  The journey and details of the journey are always endless.

  We visit places and see architectures and breathe the fresh air of seashore,wander
  in the mountains and do all the activities that a normal traveler does but what
  we remember the whole life are those people,the faces and the emotions only that
  are related with those people,my this journey too was like this as journey is always
  incomplete if we don''t  meet the inhabitants there. At-least this is what i feel.


  i have been traveling to different places of India from few years but orrisa was
  just an another world, its one side makes me loquacious as there is so much to talk
  about the place while on the other hand i am speechless infact completely mute as
  it makes me emotional as the emotions comes when those memories come and then comes
  those people.


  So,i will just conclude by saying that this place orrisa is a very under rated place
  in the mainstream media but believe me this place will turn out to be just  formidable
  when you step there.

  thank you and i hope i was able to deliver my some emotions via this writing.'
