Title: Pharaonic Courtesy
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/pharaonic-courtesy
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sesha Mukherjee
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Egypt is always envisioned as a land of history and culture. As you close your
  eyes, the grandest temples of Abu Simbel, the Pyramids and the Sphinx comes into
  view as the breathing proofs of the feats of the Pharaohs. But while booking a trip
  to Egypt through a travel agent based at Cairo, little did I expect that I was to
  walk into the realm of pharaonic courtesy and make friends for life.


  It is said that the current population of Egypt has not descended from the original
  Egyptian lineage. They are mostly of Arabic or Nubian origin. However, they have
  assimilated their culture and have truly become the heart and soul of modern day
  Egypt. Samir our travel agent was truly an embodiment of all that Pharaonic Egypt
  ever stood for. From the time he picked us from the modern Cairo airport and while
  we moved to the ancient civilization of Giza, it felt like I have known these people
  for life- happy, smiling faces everywhere greeting a welcome.

  For every local trip to Alexandria, Giza, Abu Simbel etc., we were given a different
  guide. However, all of them were carefully handpicked. They have picked up every
  experience that we should essentially savour while in Egypt- like dining at Athenos
  at Alexandria overlooking the Mediterranean sea or staying at the Nubian village
  overlooking the beautiful Nile or night camping on the sea bed of the Tethys sea
  at Wadi- El- Hitan! Samir has planned it all and put it in our itinerary. It is
  for him that we savoured all the sights and smells that Egypt has to offer.

  It is often quoted that we learn more about our own country through our travels.
  It is through my travels in Egypt that I have truly appreciated the cultures and
  traditions of my own county, India. While travelling through Egypt, and interacting
  with our various learned guides through heart to heart talks in between temple stalking,
  we have understood the present day problems of the country including the current
  political turbulence. Some of them did not have the freedom to speak up against
  it. And here in our country, we are blatantly on the face of our government, speaking
  against it, even on social media- clearly and loudly for the world to see, without
  even thinking for once how it may jeopardise the safety and image of our own country.
  It is at this point I realised how we misuse our freedom of expression. These freedoms
  are given to us so that we may flourish as a human being. But we fail to appreciate
  them for what they are!

  The most everlasting memory for me was the night camping on the erstwhile sea bed
  of the Tethys sea amidst the open air museum of the fossilized animals and mangroves.
  It is currently a part of the Egyptian desertscape. We had a long and winding day
  of driving through the desert stopping by at the points of interest. The landscape
  here is varied and each turn brings to sight an unusual landscape with magically
  vanishing and emerging subterranean rivers and lakes. While we started camping for
  the night, it was suddenly discovered that the zipper of our tent did not close
  properly. It was a chilly night. I said I could manage the night in the local hut.
  Samir would have none of it as he did not want to deprive me of the experience of
  the desert camping as he has promised. He arranged for a large canvas tent which
  could house 20 people and went about fixing it for the four of us. It was a tiresome
  activity in the pitch perfect darkness of the desert. The headlights of our jeep
  were switched on to give the finishing touches and there it was- our abode for the
  night.


  It is with this utmost care and compassion that Samir took care of us as one would
  treat a family member who has come for a visit after a long time. Egypt would always
  be like a second home thanks to Samir and his team. It touched our hearts and we
  became friends for life!'
