Title: Picking up the pieces of your heart in a land far away
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/picking-up-the-pieces-of-your-heart-in-a-land-far-away
SetInCountry: Denmark
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Michelle  Angbo
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: My dear grandmother was adopted by Danish immigrants in the United States when
  she was 18 months old. We always celebrated Christmas with my grandma and grandpa
  on Christmas Eve, because it was the Danish way. I never really fully understood
  until I got older what that meant, and what that meant to me. My grandmother passed
  away and I started to delve deeper into her life, trying to understand who she was
  and where she came from. I found out a lot about her life and her roots both biological
  and adopted and made a pact with myself that I would travel to Denmark to see where
  her father, Axel Larsen-the man that saved her from living a life of dysfunction
  and poverty had lived and boarded a ship at 16 years old to come to America to start
  a new life. Less than three years after my grandmother passed away, my father died
  unexpectedly. My heart broke into a million pieces and I needed some way to make
  a connection with my loved ones who had passed. I decided to book a flight to Copenhagen,
  Denmark and step foot on the earth that my great grandfather and his loved ones
  lived. I flew to Denmark with my mom and my two and a half year old son. We strolled
  the cobble stone streets and admired the beautiful, ornate, proud buildings. The
  people were friendly and the city became a safe place to surrender. I remember strolling
  along Nyhavn and seeing the colorful buildings and boats docked in a row and pinching
  myself, because I was actually there-we were walking the streets with my grandmother,
  my dad, and my great grandfather. We got caught in the rain, explored beautiful
  manicured parks, and took a selfie with the Little Mermaid. We stumbled accross
  a Mexican restaurant and had interesting, but delicious Mexican food and had some
  of the best breakfast buffets you could ever imagine. Denmark was a dream come true.
  We only had a few days to explore before we were off on our next adventure to the
  Baltics, but my heart was impressed and longs to experience more of Denmark.
