Title: Pilot Light
DateModified: '2019-02-21'
DatePublished: '2019-02-21'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/pilot-light
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Emma Plotkin
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: The history of my family is forged in travel. In the 1920s my grandmother travelled
  alone through Europe. She did not book places to stay in advance. She is the epitome
  of a social butterfly. She made friends and was invited to stay everywhere she went.
  She still tells this story casually as if it was the most effortless thing in the
  world. My grandfather wanted to be a pilot so he stretched himself on a rack until
  he made the height requirements. He flew all over the world. They were bold and
  ballsy - they still are. After college, my father moved to Alaska hoping to find
  work. The first town was small and there were no jobs so he moved on. Luckily, after
  another cold boat ride, he and his brother arrived at a slightly larger town. The
  town boasted a seafood cannery. His first job post-college involved keeping a forklift
  level while transporting many cans of salmon. He told me stories of eating fish
  eyes like popcorn and all the toppling cans. It was here he wrote a short story
  for a tech competition. It should be noted he did not work in tech or fishing, he
  had a masters in psychology and previously taught poetry. He has also never studied
  poetry. He won the competition. His prize was a block of silver. He used this to
  start a home computer business in Ithaca, NY, where he met my mother. My mother
  is from the backwoods of Pensylvania. She was expected to get married right out
  of high school. Her mother had died while she was in her early teens. She was also
  expected to take care of her father. Instead, she defied all expectations, went
  to college and then grad school out of state. My parents met on a rooftop garden
  above a flower shop. It was Swing dance night. Two months later they moved in together.
  10 years later with a thriving business and a happy home, my father sold Sherpa
  technologies and taught himself to be a documentary filmmaker. And that, finally,
  is where I come into the story. My father travelled the world documenting bands,
  street performers, buskers and burlesque. Beside him was an angsty highschooler
  holding the boom pole. Culture and art swirled and danced night to day - I saw what
  travel could mean making personal connections to people, especially artists who
  lived in these regions. They were so full of light. So, I became an artist and I
  decided to travel. In the last 5 years, I've spent at least a month in New York
  City, Hancock, New York, Saratoga Springs, Watermill, New York, Waterford, New York,
  Bennington, Vermont, Philadelphia, Pensylvania, Boston, Massachusetts, Washington,
  D.C., Seattle, Washington, Tempe, Arizona, Edinburgh, Scotland and Dublin, Ireland.
  I am a theatre artist and teacher. After graduating college I worked professionally
  on several high-profile and successful productions. Most recently, HOME, which is
  on a world tour after it's five stars run at the International festival in Edinburgh.
  About a year and a half ago I became extremely anaemic. I suffered nerve damage,
  I couldn't go outside. The doctors say, if this was caught just a month later, I
  would have significant damage in my feet for life. My progress as an artist was
  stopped in its tracks. I spent weeks wondering where the time went. When I finally
  recovered I didn't want to be in New York City or even in North America. So I did
  my research and I moved to Dublin. I have anxiety (like every other artist I know)
  so instead of applying for jobs, I just decided to show up to a few places, one
  of these places was Spotlight Ireland. They offered me a teaching job. 4 months
  later, with a thriving career, I began to plan. In three days time, I am opening
  Pilot Light Studios. it's an apt metaphor a little light that has been sparked.
  It honours my grandfather and all the artists I met, who inspired me to live full
  and deep. My dream is that the business will travel with me. One day, there will
  be Pilot Lights all over the world.
