Title: 'Poisonous Paradise '
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/poisonous-paradise
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Gloria Naughton
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The day started off sunny, but the ride was long. The drive took around four
  hours. As we passed our destination, we were stunned by the vast, beautiful waters.
  Wondering if this water was part of the ocean I (a shotgun seater) looked on Google
  (like everyone else this day in age). It was called the Salton Sea, which was a
  lake and not a sea/ ocean bay at all. Driving past it we saw glimpses of black in
  the water. The sun hit the water making it sparkle and shine, yet the water itself
  held secrets of it's own. Wondering what the mysterious black ontop of the water
  was, I of course, looked it up on Google once again. The beach around the 1950's
  was a thriving tourist spot in California. The beach led to hotels and businesses
  sprouting up all around it. This luxurious spot soon turned sour when run off from
  nearby farms poisoned the water with pollution. The water became toxic and all of
  the fish soon died off. Beach-goers and swimmers couldn't go in the water due to
  the chemicals. Fast forward to the present, what was left to see with my eyes was
  a deserted beach. On the ground there were white minerals and pesticides covering
  every inch of sand. Walking closer to the water it was the most horrendous smell
  I've ever experienced. It became so foul that I couldn't even get any closer. The
  smell was putrid of rotting fish and of a porta potty like stench. Inching closer
  to the water I could see a single door. I bared through it although the wind and
  smell were making my tear ducts drip down my cheek and onto the sad earth. I got
  close to the door and could see a mailbox. Two men were digging up the sand surrounding
  the door. Looking to my left and right there were no people, no physical objects,
  just seagulls. I turned back to head for the car after snapping some peculiar shots
  of the strange door on this horrible beach. Getting closer up the sand a family
  got out of their mini two door vehicle. They stopped right in front of me. It was
  a couple, in their 40's, maybe early 50's. They had a child, she was maybe 4 or
  5 years old and the mother had a small dog on her leash. I cringed. The dog was
  stepping all in the toxic sand and the father stopped to take a picture of his daughter
  with the white sand behind her. As I passed them they had the biggest smiles on
  their faces. They headed toward the water. All I could think was how they should
  have Googled this beach like I did because their family beach trip from hell was
  right around the corner.
