Title: Portugal Voyage
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/portugal-voyage
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Yashraj Basantia
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Hii, I am from India. Myself Yashraj Basantia, I am a travel photographer as
  well. My toughest travel story is about "Malana Village", a small village of Himachal
  Pradesh, India. It is famous for it''s Marijuana cream, even Amsterdam buys that
  cream from this village.The villager''s said  their story about the taboo village.
  They worship Rushi Jamlu Devta. As they said themselves that they are the people''s
  of " Alaxander The Great".Many years ago Alaxander came here with soldiers and stayed
  for a while after that some soldiers stayed over there and made the MALANA village.
  The village is above 2652 above sea level, and the village is so clean to see. To
  reach that village I trekked for 8kms and the trekking path is so stiff that you
  have to wait and breathe.Women of this village are the real climbers they climb
  mountains to collect woods. I found some shops where you can have seat and have
  some cold drinks too. But don''t do that   otherwise you have to pay double of the
  price,  as they will say about how the product came to here and how they pay taxes
  for it, it''s all lie they will tell to you. There is a temple of Rushi Jammu devta
  which outsider''s can''t touch and even outsider''s can''t touch the people, their
  houses and their stuffs otherwise you have to pay fine of 3500 rupees. Mainly outsider''s
  came here to collect the cream and ride to "Kasol " which is famous for it''s peace
  making small town near to Malana village. Kasol is a small city populate with Israel
  peoples. Mainly you can easily found an Israeli people over there. Many cafes in
  Kasol are mainly made for stoners, their main theme is on getting people stoner
  as the decors are quitely made you a better place after getting stoned. Kasol is
  mainly known as the "Heaven''s Gateway".And kasol is situated on the bank of river
  "Parvati", which is name after the goddess  of love, marriage, fertility, devotion,
  strength "Maa Parvati, who is also the wife of " Lord Shiva", Lord Shiva is the
  god of destroyer. You can find some hot water springs on the banks of "Parvati river".


  HOW TO REACH: -


  Come by Flight to "Delhi" the capital city of India. And then rent a taxi to "KASHMIRI
  GATE BUS STAND" Which connect interstate bus services. Book a ticket to "Bhuntar"
  and from their catch a taxi or local buses upto kasol.



  There are many hotels and camps available, best time to visit is winters, it is
  not much crowded place in winters'
