Title: Portrait.
DateModified: '2019-02-22'
DatePublished: '2019-02-22'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/portrait
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Jose Humberto Rios
AuthorCountry: Peru
Text: 'I will try to create magic in this verse, i will try to collect the experiences
  of myself. Little by little i will try to confess, my journey and ten million days,
  in this letter my words speak who i am, within the deepness in of my heart. My mother
  language is not english i must say, is spanish and the english in my childhood i
  learned, i just traveled near where i am in my many days. Only to the jungles of
  Amazon and temples of the Incas i went.

  I chose a path that for the many is foolish and scary what so ever i just guess,
  because i am a writer, martial artist and yoga master, yes! i meditate. Is scary
  because the profit is not great and when you want to be an adventurer that comes
  to hunt yourself. I have a book with the taughts of my parents, and in the deep
  memory of my heart of a woman, a song as well; i sold toys in the street, i slept
  in the forest and the beach, i felt in love with literature at moonlight in a balcony.
  I am as complex as a book of math theories and at the same time so simple when i
  start talking about the sun, i have many flaws and some virtues, sometimes i live
  in the clouds when i am meditating and traveling the misteries of one soul.

  My dream is to create tales, histories that stay. I also dream about living journeys
  of adventures and learn about the misteries of the world, so huge and big as everyone''s
  forgotten souls. I lived with ashaninkas tribes and i drank masato, made ayahuasca
  and learn that nature is more beautiful than constructios of every land. I don''t
  want millions, only a path, i don''t want luxory but only an oportunity to live
  and find peace in a world of war. I''m not haunted by the vastness of eternity but
  i often ask myself if my actions will eco across the centuries. I have 20 dollars
  in my account and even with that i don''t get stressed at all, i know that the world
  has a lot of mysteries, they are unresolved. I just want to find why i got borned.

  In this letter i strip my inner self, but no matter if i get an opportunity or fail
  like many times in my days, i am free because i am still the master of my time and
  of my dreams.'
