Title: 'Portuguese gay quartet '
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/portuguese-gay-quartet
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Bernardo Job  Sandoval
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: That summer I was traveling with my brother and my friend Stella. That day we
  were walking around Lisbon for hours, up and down beneath a furious sun. Night was
  about to come and we needed something to eat. After looking for an hour, we found
  a place that seemed affordable and comfortable. Unfortunately there was no table
  available, but a man was occupying one with three empty chairs. Stella decided to
  ask him if we could share the table. Eliseo said a kind yes smiling. We introduced
  ourselves to him and he did the same. First, we asked for the plates and drinks
  to the waiter. Then, we talked about our occupation, jobs, studies and all of that
  serious and easy small talk. When the meals were ready, the four of us decided to
  share everything. As vinho verde and seafood brought us magically together into
  a warm and enthusiast conversation, anyone who listened to us would have thought
  that we were close and old friends. Eliseo was happy to have some company, because
  being a writer can be sometimes very lonely. While for us, his knowledge of the
  city and stories made us feel completely embraced by that melancholic city. It was
  dark and our stomachs full of joy and bliss. Eliseo offered to us a coffee with
  a Portuguese liquor which name I cannot recall. Suddenly, Eliseo asks us to go to
  a very local place named Casa Independiente. Stella, my brother and me looked at
  each other and smiled naughtily. I said yes without everyone's approval. We took
  a taxi and got to a place that I could describe as a mix of cultural house with
  a bar. People were watching a movie of Pedro Almodovar at the roof, everything was
  in silence and we could only hear the clash of the barman's cups and the quiet whisper
  of some conversations. The movie ended and music started. We had a drink and our
  deep conversation continued, talking about our love experiences without restrictions.
  The waiter came to us and said that the place was about to close. Eliseo informed
  us that the gay district had awesome bars that were a must before leaving Lisbon.
  We said yes again, we had not finished our night together. We took another taxi
  and arrived to the area. We asked for a drink called Negroni and we could feel the
  gay love all around. By then, I could notice Eliseo was flirting with me, and I
  was okay with that. The barhopping kept going and I was happy to see Stella and
  my brother at ease. Eliseo took us to a Latin club to dance. There he said hello
  to the DJ and asked him to play a song of Shakira, La Tortura. Eliseo went nuts
  with that song, dancing and singing fiercely. When the club closed, we were already
  tired, but Eliseo had some energy left and another place to show. Unexpectedly we
  were outside a gay club. Inside, a drag show was happening. Eliseo took my hand
  and I accepted it. We danced together and he said sweet words to my ear. When I
  checked on Stella, she was kissing a girl and my brother was dancing between two
  guys who were kissing his cheeks. I was laughing out loud and I felt proud of my
  brother for being that open minded and friendly. The night ended with a nostalgic
  goodbye and strong hugs. My brother, Stella and me went to bed with a happy face.
