Title: 'Port to Portugal '
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/port-to-portugal
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: MMiranda  Ledbetter
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I love to travel. I think that homeland or foreign ground have people and culture
  that we can never learn enough from. Rich history lays the path for producrime futures.  We
  have places to explore with opportunities to uncover new medications, new vegetation,
  new life! The things we can learn and teach each other are endless and exotic. We
  don't have to just explore the land and culture, we can bring our ways to love and
  care for those who are woven in our tapestry and return with new options and lessons.
  Someone will always need to take the steps to gather multiple ways of living and
  somehow combine them to what works for us. No matter how far we travel or how many
  different types of life we discover, we will all still be one. One earth, one life,
  one people. Yet, blessed with individuality and gifts to connect on a deeper level.
  Mother's who can't understand one word another is saying but with the instinctual
  knowledge to hold a helping hand if needed. Strangers coming together and flying
  all over the world to help restore storm ravaged land for sustainable living. The
  beauty of land is incomparable to the beauty in the lengths those living on it will
  take to keep it growing for generations ahead. We have opportunity abound and endless
  possibilities to actually learn and grow from all over the earth. The lack of knowledge
  in that which we don't understand spreads hate and malicious behavior due to pure
  ignorance. Some people are perfectly happy never leaving the town they were born
  and raised in. Some people thirst for the unknown. No matter our personal choices,
  we should have the chance to explore and wander and learn. Money stops most chances
  to travel. If someone is lucky enough to come and go, then shouldn't it be obligatory
  to share as much as possible to decrease ignorance and enrich lives? Open minds
  to the idea of difference and experience unknown. I can never meet enough people.
  I have endless open pages in my mind waiting to be filled with knowledge. My eyes
  will always see missed details of worn trails and quickly peruse new sights. I am
  right for this chance. I love people. I love to learn. I love to write personal
  thoughts and opinions for others to enjoy or debate.
