Title: Pride and Promenades
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/pride-and-promenades
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Amanda Wenger
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'It is a truth universally acknowledged that a woman in Bath for the Jane Austen
  Festival must be in want of a travel companion.


  Yet I was alone as I made my way to breakfast on the morning of the Regency Costumed
  Promenade. Clutching my bonnet, I hiked the steep cobbled streets to a townhouse
  with a brilliant view of Bath. My host, one of the festival volunteers, explained
  to our the small group of visitors that the city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site,
  which means that there are strict regulations on building; most of the structures
  in town are historic stone structures. The Roman Baths at the center of town are
  some of the oldest, dating back hundreds of years, and were known in Austen''s time
  as a popular spa destination.


  I am used to creeping through unfamiliar cities like a ghost from Austen''s "Northanger
  Abbey": withdrawn, unacknowledged, and ultimately not there at all. I usually feel
  more imagined than real as I travel alone with my backpack and tiny point-and-shoot
  camera. I promised myself a few years ago, when I started traveling, that I would
  not let my lack of travel partners keep me from seeing the world. I expected to
  eat my meals solo, explore the city myself, and attend the costume ball at the end
  of the week without a dance partner. I resigned myself to experiencing everything
  in the lonely but predictable way in which I am accustomed: with total autonomy,
  and totally alone.


  But this morning I was surrounded by other travelers dressed in regency regalia:
  Angela, a doctor from Germany. Moira, a student from Edinburgh writing a period
  novel. Tom and Philippa, a Canadian couple celebrating their twenty-year anniversary.
  Liz, a middle-aged teacher from Bath, explained how she''s been involved with the
  festival for years. When breakfast was finished, we walked in the parade together,
  starting at the most fashionable addresses of the Royal Crescent and winding down
  to the topiaried park at the banks of the River Avon.


  All week, I ran into the same people over and over again. Tom and Philippa gave
  me their number and asked me to join them for a literary-themed tour.  Moira and
  I took pictures together in front of Austen''s favorite haunts--better than a selfie
  stick, to be sure.  Angela and I discussed the differences in European and American
  health care over scones and tea at the Jane Austen Centre. I had expected Bath to
  be a city of strangers, but by the end of the trip, I felt like I knew everyone
  in town.


  A petite woman name Leila from San Francisco shared her umbrella with me one drizzly
  night as we enjoyed a ghost tour of town. Starting at Bath Abbey, we wove our way
  through tombstones and the alleys behind historic buildings as our guide spun tales
  of the macabre murders and suicides in Bath''s history. Women with ruined reputations
  who hung themselves for their lovers to find. Men paid in barrels of cider sweetened
  with lead. A hospital with wings that were sealed shut decades ago. Brilliant elopements
  from the Royal Crescent and tragic duels at dawn in the park. We had such a good
  time giggling together under that umbrella that we made plans to sit together at
  the performance of "Northanger Abbey" a few days later.


  My last night in Bath was the Regency Costumed Ball: an evening reception at the
  Roman Baths with dinner and dancing to follow in the nearby Pump Room. I bought
  my ticket, nervous, expecting to feel awkward to attend such a fancy party alone.
  But I arrived at the Baths to a crowd of familiar people eagerly asking after my
  day and complimenting my gown. I was announced into the fire-lit Roman Baths and
  found myself laughing almost uncontrollably, astonished and grateful for the joyful
  faces reflected in the fire-lit springs. I knew almost everyone in the ballroom.
  As we joined hands and broke apart in time to the music, I was surprised to find
  that somehow, in this unfamiliar place, I was surrounded by friends.  No longer
  a ghost. Seen.'
