Title: 'Pucallpa: my connection to the Peruvian jungle'
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/pucallpa-my-connection-to-the-peruvian-jungle
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Helen Culqui
AuthorCountry: Peru
Text: 'Pucallpa?, Where''s it?...most of tourists might ask when they hear about it
  for the first time during a conversation or while they are browsing online about
  Peru prior to their trip.


  Pucallpa is a city located in the region of Ucayali in the Peruvian jungle. Some
  visitors associate the Peruvian jungle with Iquitos when Pucallpa is one of the
  cities located in the jungle. You can arrive there from Lima by plane which trip
  takes for about one hour, by bus for about one day or by boat or locally known as
  ''''peque-peque'''' which takes for about 3 days. Besides, you can get there from
  Tarapoto by plane for about one hour.


  Once you arrive there, you will experiment the weather change from the humid coast
  of Lima to the tropical atmosphere of Pucallpa where visitors will need to bring
  comfortable and light clothes especially with long sleeves to avoid the unpleasant
  mosquitoes. Some of the hotels there have air conditioning at their rooms. Hospitality
  is perceived everywhere you go including the hotel staff.


  Their noisy streets remind us the south east Asia because of its commercial environment,
  local products of the region, street vendors and its market is full of local vegetables,
  drinks, food smells, fruits, sun-dried meat and natural medicines known by Peruvians
  which are purchased to bring them back home because of its properties and also they
  want to develop a bond with the country itself. Some of them are kinda tired of
  junk food or western food. I am one of them who brought some fruits back home to
  prevent myself and my family members from caughts.


  The Yarinacocha lagoon leads us to different native communities where you will find
  some souvernirs shops at their cottage homes. Those souvernirs are hand-made stuff
  which consists on bread baskets with jungle art, colourful ornaments for the living
  room, bracelets and necklaces made of dried seeds and snake skin. There are some
  medium size sculptures as well. Those native communities have chamans who offer
  ayahuasca sessions or retreats to people who want to explore more their inner world.
  That''s why some tourists go to that part of the world.


  While traveling through the lagoon, you have lunch like a local while contemplating
  the animals around. Some people catch baby piranhas who are sent back to water.
  At one of its areas, it is said that Olivia Newton-John has a retreat home and also
  a small farm where she produces natural medicines for exportation.


  Through the Marginal motorway, we drive to our way to the famous waterfalls one
  of them is known as ''''Velo de la Novia'''' (Bride''s veil in English) and Ducha
  del Diablo (Devil''s Shower in English) and to a public swimming pool nested among
  the rocks which name is Padre Abad Boqueron. Everybody goes there during the weekend
  with their friends and family, afterwards, they go to a nearby restaurant. In addition,
  there are changing rooms to change your swim suit before getting at the swimming
  pool.


  Any visitor can go to Pucallpa while staying in Peru so they can take advantage
  of the environment, explore more another side of the country and feel like a local.'
