Title: Put The Mushrooms Back
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/put-the-mushrooms-back
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Jessica McLuckie
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: Arriving at Chiang Mai airport, our accommodation is a shack like house, twenty
  minutes out of the city. A French man, who owns and lives in the house greets us
  with rolled cigarettes of the cheapest Thai kind, along with a bottle of rice whiskey,
  also cheap. We slept in a tent in the upstairs area, along with two french girls
  who were also traveling. We would cook breakfast and dinner together caveman style,
  while smoking cigarettes, occasionally mixed with marijuana leaf that grew in the
  garden. We made a trip to Pai, a little Thai town, about a four hour drive from
  Chiang Mai. It is so beautiful. We stop for a bite to eat, then wonder around looking
  for a bed to sleep in. The town sets up a market every single night filled with
  mostly food stalls, but clothing and souvenirs too. The two French girls and I had
  a few mojitos at a cute bar, the boys (the friend i was traveling with and a friend
  who met up with us) found us, joined us and we bar hopped along most of the strip.
  Okay, now this is where things got blurry. Obviously having had too much to drink
  we thought it would be an awesome idea to get on the back of a bike with an unknown
  man, who took us to a club too far to get to on foot. It was fun, I think. I felt
  safe because I was with the girls, who I had maybe known for three days. They were
  cool girls. So, where at this club drinking some more, then move on to another,
  next thing I know I've arranged to buy a bag of Mushrooms. I don't remember making
  the purchase, I do remember speed walking back to the hostel and going to sleep.
  It was a messy night, I didn't think I would let myself get to that point, especially
  in a place like Thailand. Moral of the story is, stick with good people. If you
  plan to excessively drink, make sure you're with people you trust. And don't buy
  mushrooms off strangers in a state of black-out drunkness.
