Title: quicksand, who knew it&#39;s real
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/quicksand-who-knew-it-s-real
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: laurenz busch
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: There I was with five students and my co-guide, smackdab in the middle of a
  canyon ten miles from the trail head, 60 from the nearest town. I had been working
  in wilderness therapy for about 6 months but had never gotten the chance to take
  a group to Escalante. So here we were down Harris Wash heading towards the convergence
  with the Escalante river. The boys were tired but motivated and so we pushed on.
  During dinner we chatted and talked about when and where we should set camp and
  all of them agreed that it was our destiny to continue on, to push for that glorious
  ability to boast of a 20 miler day (something very rare in the wilderness therapy
  community). I turned to my co-guide and smiled and asked her how she was doing and
  what she thought, and after careful consideration we didn't see a problem with it.
  One hour later I'm walking down the trail, crossing the little stream, watching
  the lead student take charge, when as though a trap door had open he dropped to
  his waist. And - of course - we laughed. We laughed loud, we laughed proud, we thought
  it was hilarious. He turns to us grinning and says, "I was certain I was a goner".
  And as quickly has he had sunk did his grin turn to an utter look of confusion and
  fear. "I think I'm actually stuck." "What?" I sai still sort of laughing thinking
  he's joking. "I'm serious I think I'm actually stuck, come help me." I walk over
  and attempt to pull him out and realize, oh my God, this kid is stuck. Like concrete
  slowly shifting around him as I try to pull him out, nothing helped and he stayed.
  So, we lay down a pad, (this expands my surface area so that I don't sink as well)
  and start to dig. Two hours later with one tremendous heave and two students pulling
  on paracord that we had managed to tie to the loops on the ends of his boots, his
  first leg emerges followed by his second. But only one boot came along. In relief
  we climbed out of that forsaken river to dry land and without a care for the missing
  boot we carried on to find a place to set camp. "In the morning we'll build a dam"
  I told them, "and we'll get that shoe." "Who knew that shit was actually real" one
  said and we all laughed.
