Title: Quito, patrimony of humanity.
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/quito-patrimony-of-humanity
SetInCountry: Ecuador
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ives Saraiva
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Being one of the smallest countries in South America, Ecuador is a country
  of incredible and extreme landscapes. From the hot and humid Amazon region to the
  coast bathed by the Pacific Ocean passing through the Andean region that cuts the
  country in half everything is very conducive to adventure tourism. But before embarking
  on the adventures that the breathtaking landscapes of Ecuador afford you take a
  few days to get to know the capital Quito. You will not regret.

  Even with the clear sky and the typical bright sun of the regions cut by the line
  of the equator, the first thing I felt when I landed in Quito was the pleasant cold
  breeze of the Andes. Arriving in the morning allowed me to admire the beautiful
  mountainous route from the airport to the city''s urban center. This route is quite
  long and should be taken into consideration if you do not want to spend a lot on
  the taxi. During the relaxed conversation with the taxi driver I learned that in
  the past there were accidents involving planes and high-rise buildings of the city
  when the airport was in downtown Quito. That''s the reason for the long distance.

  When we arrived in the city center, we went straight to Mariscal neighborhood, the
  famous party district of Quito, where most foreigners stay when they visit the city.
  As on the first day I dedicated myself to know the surroundings of the neighborhood
  soon I could see why Mariscal is so attractive to tourists. There are a multitude
  of restaurants, snack bars, bars, pubs, art galleries and local crafts, not to mention
  the lodging that goes from the most luxurious hotels to the collective hostels.
  In the center of the neighborhood there is the foch square, a meeting point for
  tourists and natives who are looking to party and who have the sign that is a must
  for a photograph. If all these advantages were not enough, Mariscal is not far from
  the historical center, possibly the main tourist destination of Quito.

  Due to its historic center, Quito was the first city in the world considered a World
  Cultural Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1978. It has beautiful historical buildings,
  where you can walk safely for many blocks, always admiring the great conservation
  of them. In some of these historic buildings lies the seat of government and other
  powers. But what surprised me the most was the road popularly known as the seven
  churches street, all filled with religious art and mysteries. Possibly the most
  surprising is the church of the Company of Jesus, with all its interior decorated
  with 23-carat gold plates. According to my host who accompanied me on the visit,
  during the colonial period people were so afraid to go to hell that they built a
  church on each block. If during the day it is quiet and little visited, when the
  night falls the street La Ronda becomes the point of the historical center. This
  lively pedestrian street is the perfect place to explore more historic buildings,
  sample traditional foods, watch artisans working and enjoy live entertainment.

  As a suggestion. You can finalize the visit by taking the time to visit the Parque
  la mitad del mundo, one of the most visited attractions by those who go to Quito.
  At 13 kilometers from the capital, the park awaits tourists with a large monument
  that marks the division of our planet into two hemispheres. Taking a picture with
  one foot in the north and the other in the south is basically what drives most people
  there, on a walk that I would not call a must see, but fun. Within the complex there
  are also typical craft shops and snack bars.'
