Title: 'Ramatajogee - The Indian Traveller '
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/ramatajogee-the-indian-traveller
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Dipen Shukla
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I started travelling in 2009, I was amused by the pictures taken by one of
  my friends and I wanted to experience the same. First time travelling 2000Kms alone.
  I was scared, nervous and judgmental at the start of my journey. However, I had
  experienced one of the best people in the world in the small villages of Himachal
  Pradesh. They didn''t care must about money and offered me everything their culture
  has to offer.


  It was my first day in Himachal when someone started knocking at my door. I see
  three unknown, good looking guys at my door saying Namaste (Greeting) This is what
  they said, Namaste we saw you coming, would you like to come upstairs and join us
  for the party. Woo... I wasn''t expecting a party invitation for my arrival. Okay,
  I will be there in a moment, I said. They offered me Hot Tea and small snacks, after
  having little chat with them, I decided to go back into my room and have a nap as
  I was very tired after my 2 days long journey. It was not even 30mins and someone
  again knocks at my door. I was worried about my personal space and wondering who''s
  it now. This time I see two foreigners with long hair, wearing hippie clothes saying
  Namaste Bhai Ji (Hello Brother) We saw you coming to this village (Kasol, Kullu)
  and we would like to invite you to our Cafe for the party. I said I will see and
  come when possible.


  I know it sounds nice and scary someone knocking at your door and offering you to
  come and have experience with them.  Let me tell you a little bit about the place
  I visited. Kasol is a small village in Parvati Valley (Holy River) A stream burbles
  as it travels along its bed, bubbling over rocks and branches. You also hear that
  sound while you are sleeping at night and it''s some kind of meditation or healing
  therapy. I met three people, one from Austria (Anita Lobnik) two from Israel (Peri
  yakowbo) and (Halel Kullu) They were with me for next One week as we planned to
  trek Kheerganga which is located at a height of 13,051 feet above sea level (3978
  m), while on the trek to the hot sulphur springs there; one has to ascend a height
  of more than 5,000 feet.


  While descending we planned to stay at Nathan Village and it is one of the best
  places for stargazing. I stayed at Manikarna (Holy Place in Parvati Valley) Tosh
  village (It was covered with white mountains from three sides) Kalga Village (Musical
  nights with the random artists from different countries) and Rudgranag (The place
  where Lord Shiva found his Cobra) I was in a different world with my new pals meeting
  my inner soul in the trails while talking to mountains, rivers and stars.


  You become so creative when you are travelling and you also sometimes invent things
  which are created because of your needs. All my new friends have stayed at my place
  in Mumbai and also invited me to their countries. It''s a new relationship we made
  and will always cherish the moments we had while travelling together. Since 2009
  I have done more than 20 big travel trips. I was doing a job so I had to plan my
  leaves and travel accordingly. While I was working I used to tell my stories to
  my colleagues and friends which inspired them to travel and I have shared all the
  details required to travel and they have become a traveller now. They all have said
  only one thing to me that I should do something about sharing my knowledge about
  travelling and write blogs or make videos on youtube or upload pictures on Instagram.
  I have started doing all of these and looking forward to sharing my stories in details
  as there are many crazy things which I can share with the world and inspire them
  to travel and experience life. I just came back from Nepal and made a movie about
  my journey which I''m sharing with my audiences on YouTube.'
