Title: Real World
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/real-world
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Joannes Castillano
AuthorCountry: United Arab Emirates
Text: Coming to another country was unexpected. My first ever out of the country to
  look for job. I was just 20 when I first came here. Thinking that I am so ready
  to face the real world with what I have learned in university and my experience
  as a student abroad. But reality hits me, finding job is hard, working with different
  nationalities was difficult, knowing diverse cultures and beliefs is an enlightenment.
  Trying to change the mentality of the people regarding my nationality is very hard,
  for them everyone with my nationality is the same. They think we are only after
  money, would do anything even nasty things, immoral doing and they would look down
  to us. Even touch the ladies unwelcomly. I was disappointed, down and even felt
  ashamed from which country I came from. I try to prove them not everyone is not
  the same. We may come from same country but we live in different values and we stand
  for it. We have different upbringing and we don't have same points of view in life.
  I kept quiet and observe but when you know you are not doing anything wrong, you
  need to stand up. I did. I stand for myself and I know I stand not just for myself
  but to all my countrymen who is also battling and facing the same treatment that
  I am facing. I show them who I am what I believe and what is my values. To be honest
  it was not easy. It was very hard. Their perspective has been there before I reached
  the country, even before I was born. But for me, my perspective is it might be there
  long time it does not mean that everyone wears black means that you have to wear
  black too. You can be different in some ways and even in all ways. Don't be too
  commom, be weird. Lead the young ones good example, and that for  those who will
  come to my workplace I am hoping they will not experience what I've been through.
  I wanted to be an eye opener to people who is blinded with words, rumors and even
  bad experiences. Leading by example, showing by values and standing for what I believe.
  In these ways, they change their treatment towards me, they give me respect. It's
  always about what is there, we adapt, what they used to we continue even if it's
  wrong. How can we make it better if we continue the wrong, try to show the way or
  even if there is no way, lead a new path. Start by one and later another one will
  follow. Stand for yourself now, stand for someone who want to make a difference.
  Even if I am not the light, I can be the spark in fauth, service and communion.
  Let us start the change we want to see. The change that begins in me. Leave Jesus
  In Our Hearts, Forever!!!
