Title: Rejection
DateModified: '2019-02-08'
DatePublished: '2019-02-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/rejection
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Savannah Kennedy
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: You owe 5,000 dollars to the goverment of China and if you dont pay it with
  in 15 days you will be imprisoned for a month, black listed and then deported from
  the country I originally moved to Hangzhou China as an aupair. I was eager to teach
  english to a young chinese boy. I had fallen in love with east Asia 9 years ago
  and I had finally made it in person to see the land I dreamed of. I soon found out
  that my living situation was nothing I belived it would be instead of working 30
  hours and living in a peacefull enviorment. I was abused physically mentally and
  emotionaly and forced to work 60 hours a week. I had no control over my life, so
  I planned to do what many aupairs do I was going to abdon the family I worked for
  and sneak away. Before I could though the family fired me and my company Sun aupair
  told me I was to leave with immediantley for Shanghai. I informed them that this
  job and their company was illegal and I wouldnt be leavibg with them. So they threatned
  to put me in jail yelled and caused at me, demanded I pay them 2,000 dollars that
  I didnt have, held me hostage and stole all my belongings. I had contacted a freind
  begging them for help. I spoke very little chinese and I couldnt read or write any
  chinese. After 4 hours the police found us and I along with the three men I worked
  for were aressted. I was taken into the police station for interagation. I had to
  wait serveral hours for them to get a translator I was at the police station for
  12 hours before they realsed me. I found out that the family I was working for would
  not take me in. I was homeless and had only 14 rmb to my name. Luckly the man who
  had called the police for me, sent a taxi to the police station to pick me up but
  as I ran out side to the taxi in the middle of the night the men I had been working
  for fallowed me slamming there fists on the windows and the hood of the cab cusing
  at me in English and Chinese. I went to the mans house and slept on his coach. I
  had to go back to the station to meet the cheif of police. It was then and their
  that I learned I had been charged with working illegaly even though the family refused
  to pay me. I owed the goverment 5,000 dollars and I was to pay the fee in 15 days
  or go to jail. The company I was working for wasnt charged. It was then that the
  phone i had been using at the time was taken from me by the women I had been working
  for even though the police had informed her I needed to keep it so they could reach
  me about my case. She didnt care though she was greedy and lacked perspective. After
  3 days living with the man he sent me to a freinds house and from their I was tossed
  from home to home staying a night or 2 at each. Some times there was no place to
  stay. I have nemorous physical and mental health problems including autisum. The
  streets were dangerous and not sanitary causing me to fall ill. I had to manuly
  remove a traveling abcess cyst from my body. I remember one man I stayed with asked
  me how I could be so brave traveling around China with out a phone, unable to speak
  the language read or write it, with no money and indebt to the country with no home.
  I told him im not brave if I have to be. He belived that my indepence was something
  he wanted for his own daughter but I told him the close bond of Chinese familys
  was beautifull and something I wish I had. Even though many terrible things hapened
  to me, I could still appceciate things in China. I fell in love with a country that
  rejected me.
