Title: 'Relinquish to live '
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/relinquish-to-live
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ma. Christine Amery Filarca
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: I traveled to India last 2016  to meet the family of my boyfriend for the first
  time. In my mind I have this beautiful picture of the places I've watched on Bollywood
  movies, the colourful houses and decorations, the tasty food with lots of spices,
  fancy clothes, historical temples and lively music that will surely get you into
  dancing mood.I was so excited to see the place he grew up, the people in his village,
  and of course his family. At first, I didn't know how to act properly according
  to their norms and culture since I came from totally different world, in terms of
  family upbringing, culture, traditions, language, and place. "Namaste Aunty" first
  words that came out from my mouth to the woman in front of the door wearing a colourful
  saree dress that suits  her tan skin colour, , long curly hair , medium height,
  round eyes and surely she is a gorgeous woman. Yes it's her mom. She welcomed me
  with a warm smile and a hug. She couldn't speak English so all the time we just
  use body language to communicate to each other and the rest of the family members.
  It was hard at first but as days go by, I learnt to understand some few words in
  their language but there were really times that I really needed to use all the possible
  movements that I could think of just to expressed myself. It was fun though. I stayed
  there for 30 days and learnt lot of things, but one thing that stroked my heart
  is about the arranged marriage. I was surprised to know that his brothers and sisters
  got married at very early age like 16-19 years old. The parents arranged the marriage
  of their children and mostly to their relatives which really shocked me because
  in the country I am from, this kind of practice is not acceptable to the society
  and it's a form of sin. I had the chance to talk to the teenagers in the village
  and asked them about their lives as a young mother and young brides, I saw in their
  eyes how painful it was to be forced to marry someone whom they were not in love
  with. I feel pity to these women that they have to give up their dreams, their education,
  the chance to work and build a career, to travel and see the world and to experience
  the joy of a teenage life. They were handcuffed by their parents decisions  and
  they can't do anything 'coz saying No is not an option and Yes brings life and honour
  to their families. Amara's final words to me was "This is our destiny and we have
  to accept it, our fate have been made before we were born into this unfortunate
  world.  Can we rewrite the stars?  It's impossible! Is it possible? "
