Title: Relics of Minas Gerais
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/relics-of-minas-gerais
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Luhdy Sardinha
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Minas Gerais is a state of Brazil know for its production of milk e also for
  possessing vast works of the country history.

  During a long visit trough its cities, following in a major highway that cross the
  state, I could see the valleys and green hills in the horizon, intercalate with
  mineral exploration terrains. Ahead one discrete plaque shows: Congonhas.

  With practically one entrance, the small town contrasts with its traffic and air
  smoke. Up and down the streets, the asphalt turns into old stones and ancient houses.
  I''m getting closer to the historic part of the city.

  Seeing for its behind, the Sanctuary of Good Jesus of Matosinho looks like many
  of other Minas''s old churches. Crossing the side lawn, I gain a view to the whole
  city. I''m at the top of the hill.

  In front of the church, twelve statues of soap stone build the magnitude of the
  place. It''s shocking and gorgeous to see the work of one of Brazil''s greatest
  sculptors in Brazil amidst so much affection, admiration and also precariousness.

  The statues of the twelve prophets, with a greenish tone, shows the action of time.
  The hard, penetrating eyes see in the distance.

  Next, one sees in the descend, several small houses with white walls and closed
  blue wooden doors, which maintains the colonial tradition and match the architecture
  of the church. They form the via crucis exposed in different acts in each space.

  I descend towards the first one. The worn stoned steps conduct me to the shut door.
  There''s a strong sun; I can''t see anything. As I approach and prop my head into
  a stain of many other heads that must have done the same thing; my eyes get comfortable
  with the dark, and I can see the masterpiece.

  An ambulant comes closes and tells the history of Aleijadinho, the statues and the
  city. The past survives in the small talks. He tells me how this work is considered
  Aleijadinho last work and his masterpiece, made in the late XVII century, just before
  he got blind. How his story is very controversial, but his one of the first (if
  not the first) black artist to achieve such recognition in the social esphere. I
  can recognize the pulled eyes that mark the artist work, the unusual shine of the
  mother-pearl in them. The roman soldiers represented in a caricature form contrasts
  the apostles and the statue of Jesus.

  I continue looking the following scenes. The via crucis stretches in a practical
  way, is a arduous climb from the first until returning to the front of the church.

  The sun starts to fall, and I''m ready for my next visit. There''s still so much
  to see hidden in the city e through out other cities of Minas Gerais. I say goodbye
  to a such significant piece of Brazil''s art patrimony, hoping it will last and
  that others can find her while it still exist.'
