Title: Return City with an Unexpected Twist
DateModified: '2019-02-16'
DatePublished: '2019-02-16'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/return-city-with-an-unexpected-twist
SetInCountry: Belgium
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Fathima Mohamed
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'It was literally 2weeks after a Family December Vacation that we(spouse) decided
  were going to attend Fugare2019,returning after 5years and expecting to cram so
  much in a short 9day travel(incl.travel time)

  We departed with Emirates via Dubai and had a good,2hour transit- not too tiring,just
  perfect.

  Then continued our journey pleasantly until we landed in Brussels.

  Our Hotels were booked via Booking.com and thanks to Google maps and Rome2Rio we
  were well planned in stay, in terms of convenience to the trains in Centraal Brussels
  and basically travelling to any point of interest.

  So..the plot thickens - what makes this journey even more exciting and mysterious
  is that not one person- Absolutely no one except my spouse and myself - and now
  YOU....(the first to find out) what transpired the very next day of our stay...We
  checked out of our 4/5star Hilton Hotel, splendid breakfast and left our luggage
  at Concierge.

  For the next 4days we had as follows: Day1 Netherlands,Efteling Theme Park Resort-
  we booked 1night at The Efteling Hotel- this park cannot compare to the Disney parks-
  it''s on another level all together and must-see.

  We took an early morning train to go to Netherlands( purchased the tickets at the
  Info. Centre by the entrance) departed on-time,1st class - it was quiet and I happen
  to vlog all the way...into the train.

  12minutes later we realised both our backpacks were missing, literally disappeared
  infront of us-like a magic wand waved over it- everything gone/passports/clothes/

  Go-Pro/Snacks we brought from home & all my makeup, heartsore is an understatement.

  We ended up backtracking and going crazy on the train;Eventually spending our day
  at the Belgian Police Station/Belgian Rails laying a report and the Consulate to
  apply for our Emergency Passports.

  Our Flights to Venice were doomed;as we could not travel without passports. Lesson
  learnt - always,I repeat ALWAYS keep your passport on you and not in the luggage
  bags.This onetime we did- and Murphys Law our bags were stolen.The stress endured,
  but we strolled through the day keeping each others chins up- this was now our journey,
  we made peace with the fact.

  We decided to go back to our hotel and sleep the night as evening fell upon us.

  Day3 - We did exactly what we did on Day2 except we had our cop lights on.Our travel
  safety mode was on high alert looking out for the slightest suspicious glimpse or
  person approaching.

  Trust no one and ask an official only if you need assistance.

  We left for Eteling, we needed to have some laughter, this was the medicine for
  sure.They were so understanding and manage to reschedule our stay when they heard
  our ordeal enroute.

  Efteling was a 2hr15m journey by train and bus.

  On Day4 we headed back to Brussels from Netherlands to find out there was a Transport
  strike, nevertheless we took a risk and booked our tickets...we ended up in Brussels
  within 2hrs,things seemed to be working out..When we arrived at Efteling the Police
  emailed us to request the video footage so we popped in at the hotel and rested
  for the day, we managed to shop a few basic essentials we so required.

  The next day we revisited the Police station to hand-over the footage.

  Walked around in hope we spot anything familiar, bought some Belgian waffles and
  walked the streets on Valentines Day thinking we would if been touring Italy but
  fate had us stuck in Belgium.We love Belgium and took some lovel pictures around
  the Grand Palace.

  Managed to squeeze in some shopping and collect our Emergency Passports which took
  3days.

  First time for everything I guess,bucketlist checks being at a Consulate/Police
  Station: trying to bust a syndicate via video footage.

  We nearing the final 3days,a small town Kortrijk -outside of Brussels-about 1hr
  by train.

  It''s a Return City and Return town for us.The Fugare2019 Xpo in Kortrijk is in
  its 9th year and it''s a must for any Pigeon fancier.Next door is the Kinepolis
  Cinema we managed to watch 2movies,I have always wanted to watch a movie abroad-
  so tick that box.

  Try Pizza Hut next door,delicious Soup and Pizza combo.

  Sitting on my bed in the hotel right now and typing this..awaiting Gods plan.With
  love Amen'
