Title: Roman Currency
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/roman-currency
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Cristina Sada Segovia
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'Touched by thousands, passed down from clammy hand to clammy hand, and tossed
  hopefully into fountains, coins are made only from friendly metals: metals that
  can keep in their elemental capacities the stories of people -- a currency of past,
  present, and future.


  "Don''t lose this coin," he said, an old man with a smile that reached his twinkling
  eyes, "and someday, you will return to Roma." I was eight, and the responsibility
  of holding on to a singular Euro seemed unmeasurable, but for Rome, I could do it.


  Rome had been, and was ten years later when I returned, a place of renewal and reconnection.
  My parents were warned not to take an eight year old all the way to Europe: "she''ll
  tire out in the museums," "show her Mexico first," "she won''t learn anything,"
  they all said. They were all wrong -- and how could they not be?


  Eight or Eighteen, I could never be tired of listening to the sound of an accordion
  fainting away at a Piazza; of feeling the crust of a pizza (a real pizza!) crackle
  under my knife and crunch under my new adult teeth; of knowing that with every step
  I took on those ancient cobblestone streets, I could feel the ghosts of people making
  history and not even realizing it.


  Walking the grand marble halls of the Vatican felt like rediscovering the bloody
  conquest of my Mexico, and what men and women were capable of from thousands of
  miles away if their faith was strong enough. I didn''t tire, ten years later, of
  hearing the story of the architectural feat that was building the Pantheon''s cuppola
  -- always wondering how in the hell they got all that dirt out.


  I assured myself never to let go of the coin but I took three steps and fumbled
  it, seeing it slip out of my small fingers, until it rolled unceremoniously into
  an ancient-looking sewage grate. I was unconsolable.


  At eighteen, returning to Roma felt like a promise, like a part of me had been there
  the whole time and was waiting for me to come back. In the moments I had held my
  one Euro coin, it had already kept a bit of me in its metallic embrace, waiting
  for me to come back and greet its city.'
