Title: Running from life
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/running-from-life
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Adam Baca
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: Once ive workin in the most expensive store department ive meet a fillipino
  girl. From this moment ive just went in totall addiction to the shapes attitude
  and the exotic beauty for oriental flowers. When i left the job trying to find something
  else to do but i wasnt happy in life ... she left me after 6 years and ive run to
  Thailand takin a huge loan and running by immigrations in Thailand ... surrounding
  by the enviroment of the beauty bargirls ladyboys and other kind of the oriental
  kind of tourist seed from different enviroment, from poorest to the richest . Ive
  meet one girl just on the pevement in bangla road most famous road of  sex scene
  in the entire universe midle in the sex city. Still having a some cash we fall into
  relations but.... addiction was more stronger feeling like vampire dying without
  fresh blood on lips. Soon hanging around the bars and beach lookin for new victim
  of my lust, without any hope to living normal life with one girl, sittin on pevement
  drinking a local beer when one girl grab me by my hand and just take me from the
  street when i was enjoying a view of nice bargirls ,somewhere where god know where
  or devil dont want to even look. I was walkin little drunk holding in one hand bottle
  of beer and in second having a little hand of sexy Natsuda's ,like she introduce
  herself during our journey to nowhere where i know. We landed on front of the hotel
  on Nanai Road went to the stairs on 1st flow when she knock to someone's doors when
  in same moment old thai lady opened a door and spoke in thai language something
  what i couldn't undrestand. Few minutes later sweet oriental flower from Thailand
  took me to the second floor opening a door and throwing me on the bed, saying to
  wait a few minutes. Being a little intoxinated by small amount of alkohol turning
  my head all around the room fulfilled a dozens of the teddy bears and others fluffy
  friends. After few minues which takes an ages she just stand on front of me fully
  naked shining with her lovely and unbeliveable beauty body straight on front of
  me taking my clothes and holding me on hand we landed in the shower where hot drops
  of water joined with our sweaten bodies when we kissing and holding close eachother
  in love grabs by everything what could connect us. We went out from the shower room
  landing on bed where we finishing ours act in deeply mounings of ectasy and palpitation
  of ours hearts. Couldn't belive its happend in such kind city where money rules
  everything from the church to the police. She would try to invite me to the pub
  after but i couldn't manage being totaly ot of power what she suckt from me. Ive
  went to the beach to having a few minutes for myself smokes a cigarette , when someone
  with unresistable face asking me if she can join me i said " yes" and after quick
  introducing ourselfs and conecting our facebooks ive realized she was a Natsuda's
  sister. Whats makes a little complications in conversation after having amazing
  evening fulled with spontaneous live action in her room. We talk a little a bit
  more having a few drinks than we plan our meet in the next day, cause i was so tired
  to going anywhere except the bed.
