Title: Rustic Erosion
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/rustic-erosion
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Vagmita Singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Being told one day by my mother that we had to go meet our relatives, whom we'd
  never heart of or met, in Gujarat, sounded like a drag. We were whisked away in
  a train journey across the state, from Mumbai to Ahmedabad. The first thing I noticed
  was the changing terrain. The air seemed cleaner, the trees seemed greener, the
  people seemed happier. We were received by a hoarde of enthusiastic relatives, their
  presence as warm as the welcome drink of saffron chai that melted on our tongue,
  gliding staight into not our stomachs, but our hearts. We went on to drive to their
  village, where another hoarde of people who couldn't fit into the car, welcomed
  us. Over the next few days, we were fed like sacrificial pigs, bathed like buffaloes
  in the borewells, and climbed the trees to fish for fruits like monkeys. Much to
  the amusement of my relatives and the horror of the onlooking villagers, I ran behind
  herds sheep as if I'd never seen them in my life. Which, honestly, I felt like I
  hadn't. At least, not like this. I slept under the stars, where my Indian mother
  obviously came to check up on me thrice in the night, and covered me up so I wouldn't
  catch a cold. My relatives, whom I'd forgotten I didn't even know before this time,
  eased their way into my life just as winter had eased into the dry, scorching Gujarat
  weather. They woke me up with a glass of warm milk, and fed me periodically through
  the day, and their anxiety if I told them I wasn't hungry probably equalled that
  of a parent whose child is going on a hunger strike. The children fondly began calling
  me "buasa" (father's mother/aunt), just as I began calling their fathers "bhaisa",
  as if we were merely meeting for a yearly celebration of Rakhi and not literally
  for the first time. Bhaisas drove me to the Rann of Kutch, and I watched in wonder
  the border across which lay a green Pakistan, and just a few metres from that, India,
  and hundreds of acres of white, pristine, dry sand. The athiest in me protested
  the temple tours till my eyes rested upon the structure and I instantly fell in
  love with the years of culture that were held together by the aesthetic edifice.
  I watched in wonder as the women of the household prepared their meals, shunning
  the well equipped kitchen and choosing to cook in the open, on a wooden chulha (oven)
  in earthenware. They told me it enhanced the taste of their food. I just thought
  it was their sheer selfless affection that made the food taste the way it did, not
  the utensils they used to cook. Soon, it was time to go back into the real world,
  away from this perfect world of small joys and childlike pleasure. And that was
  my first jold of reality. In the ten days I was there, I probably lived more than
  I'd lived in the twenty years of my life.
