Title: Safarnama.
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/safarnama-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Akshada Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Out beyond the doings of wrong and right, there''s a ground, I''ll meet you
  there." Says wanderlust. I''ve always wanted to be at far afield places, the places
  people can just think of reaching. It''s altogether a cultural crisscross, heritage
  expedition, human connect. You come across so many new things, meeting new people
  trying different foods and drinks. Such an experience happened with me, when I went
  on a legitimate trek for the very first time, to Kasol, Himachal Pradesh, India.
  This was the first time I came across snow, yes I saw snow and I played in it for
  the very first time. Also, the trek was beyond my expectations, I haven''t been
  able to get over that day and night yet. Yes, you read that right, we made it to
  the next location in the night, we actually did the trek in night, only with torches
  in our hands, snow beneath us, it was scary, because at such places as you know,
  evil powers have an influence too, well that is what we heard from the localites.
  Also, it was screamingly cold, we were shivering when we got back and the bonfire
  came to our rescue. We had ginger tea and told everyone what happened and how was
  it, because we were the last to reach. And "we" being me and my best friend. We
  two minor cuties, actually became very strong that day taking a leap of faith, because
  you only live once. Also, the location that we reached after the trek was a non-
  network coverage area, so our phones were off, and the people there, and in our
  group and even me for the very first time, interacted, we were not on our phones,
  we were actually connecting, in person and that was beautiful. Also, the way to
  trek, ofcourse before it went dark, was surreal, it was so beautiful, the nature
  never fails to amaze me. It was so fascinating, the waterfalls, the snow, the shady
  big rocks, a little tea stall, everything was perfect. The night went under the
  blanket of stars, there was not any kind of pollution so we could clearly see the
  stars, it was an actual treat to our eyes. We did take pictures, it seems like Photoshop,
  but it''s still very much registered in my eyes and it''ll always stay with me.
  It was also my bestfriend''s birthday, so we celebrated with everyone, followed
  by dinner, it was nothing like what we had tasted before, it was that village''s
  special vegetable that was served to us. And it was really delicious. The next day
  we woke up, and Right there, the moment I stepped out of my room, it was snowing,
  this was by far the most beautiful moment of my life, I saw snowfall for the very
  first time and I got a bit teary eyed too, that''s normal for us Indians to get
  emotional when something special happens. Then we trekked back to the initial location,
  we ate noodles and tea on our way back, also the place where we were staying that
  day, was like a hostel, the bunk beds, the canteen, the bonfire, everything seemed
  old school yet perfect. We all sung songs, danced the whole night, played various
  games, had the perfect local dinner, and went to the baby sleep we all craved. The
  next morning, we came back home. All the moments are still very much fresh in my
  mind, from adoring the mountains, to trek over them, from the frightening Trek in
  the dark to celebrating my bestfriend''s birthday in -15 degrees. From lying under
  the stars to waking up to snowfall, one word, Amazing. I''ve decided I''ll be doing
  this every year, because life for me is travel. I''ve taken that leap of faith,
  it worked for me, it''ll work for you as well. It''ll give you the peace you crave
  for in this messy world, it''ll give you such great experiences, it''ll give you
  thousands of stories. So travel as much as you can, you''ll only have this life
  once, so make it worth every ounce.'
