Title: 'Sailboat in Hawaii. '
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/sailboat-in-hawaii
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Alexander Novikov
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: I came to Hawaii last year in a winter to live for a couple of months. First
  I rented a bed in the living room for a week. That bed was made out of the pallets.
  Than I found out that the rent is pretty expensive and I didn't have a budget for
  deposit, so I decided to buy a sailboat and live on it. I found two options and
  I ended up buying 30 ft 1986 Coronado with no outboard engine and it was in bad
  condition. The most interesting part was that the boat had a leak and that was a
  generator working inside. Every couple hours I had to start it, so the pumps can
  take the water out.  All the exhaust was inside the boat and I had to experience
  these till I fixed the leak. Than I found out that it doesn't have a keel and I
  can't sail it, but I had to move it to different dock. The dock that I was staying
  in was pretty bad and my boat was tightened to a buoy. I had to paddle on kayak
  for about 15 minutes to get to the land and back. To move it to another dock I had
  to borrow outboard engine and fill up huge barrel with a water so the engine can
  stay in the water all the time. Remember that it was without the keel. And by the
  way it had no cushion to sleep on, so I bought some kind of folded mattress. When
  I moved it I had to pass safety inspection and buoy run, but I didn't do any of
  it because I had no outboard and it is pretty expensive in Hawaii. I ended up buying
  one, but it was not working and needed some service. Before I left Honolulu (that
  where everything happened) I was sleeping in a van because I didn't have parking
  by the boat anymore. Actually it was more comfortable to sleep in the van because
  I bought big folded mattress and put towels around to make it private. It felt like
  a childhood. Anyway back to my boat, the day I sold it was one of the best days
  of my life.
