Title: Sandy feet and realized dreams.
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/sandy-feet-and-realized-dreams
SetInCountry: United Arab Emirates
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Namrata Kumar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Travelling has always been a dream; a dream that seemed far fetched, but this
  time i picked up my stuff and told myself - "unless you take this first step it
  will always be just a dream." Then I began my research for where I should take THAT
  first step. And DUBAI was what caught my eye. This majestic city looked like a melting
  pot of culture and modernism. "Just the right place to begin" - I thought to myself
  since I would get a little bit of everything. Adventure, Culture, Food and Fun is
  what I found in my journey. But the one memory that touched my  very essence, was
  my first Desert Safari. Cruising through the sand dunes gave me the feeling of being
  lost and found at the same time. There was Red Sand for as far as the eye could
  see. The energy in that 4x4 was an eccentric mix of an Italian, two Germans, two
  Indians (including me) and our guide for the evening - Osama. "Not Osama Bin laden"
  - he said, and right from that very moment he made me feel comfortable and happy,
  and I knew this would be an evening to remember. Then came time to meet the famous
  animal of the desert - The Camel. These adorable beasts were a complete delight
  to ride on. Watching the sunset across the dunes from atop a camel accounted to
  the perfect evening. The night then went on in a blur of fantastic food, tantalizing
  tanoura, fearless fire dancing and last but not the least Bodacious belly dancing.
  The night ended by star gazing in the pitch black of the now cool desert. Wrapped
  up in a cozy blanket I looked up into the sky and thanked the stars for being there
  to illuminate this wondrous night. In that very moment I knew, I knew that I had
  to do this again, Not just the safari but travelling. Sure it made me feel exhausted
  for the most part, but it made me very, VERY HAPPY. And any amount of exhaustion
  was worth even a sliver of happiness. This first step into the unknown, was a major
  life altering step for me. It made me realize that I am a free spirit and would
  want to see everything this world has to offer! :D
