Title: SAUDI ARABIA - morethan a desert
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/saudi-arabia-morethan-a-desert
SetInCountry: Saudi Arabia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: jerruel balleres
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: 'Before I start, I would like to be honest, I don''t have any travel experience,
  and this is my first time to write something about traveling, and I haven''t been
  in any country except here in Saudi Arabia. And the only reason why I am here in
  this country is because of work. But since my biggest dream is to travel around
  the world ( I just cant really afford it) I will try my luck to win this scholarship
  because I know that by winning this competition, this will give me lots of opportunities
  not just by fulfilling my dream to become a travel writer or vlogger, but also to
  have a great career. Hoping you all will enjoy reading my story and experiences
  here in Saudi arabia.


  What is the first thing that comes to our mind when we heard of Saudi Arabia?

  DESERT right?

  correct! morethan half of the area of Saudi Arabia is actually a desert. 95% to
  be exact, and the other 5% is the only area that has life.

  some used to call this country as a dead country, some used to call it as boring,
  strict and lifeless. Well we can''t blame them. Me myself, felt the word boredom
  during my first week here, I even asked myself, "what kind of place is this"? there
  were no cinemas, no disco bars, no beers and any other kind of liquors, women are
  not allowed to talk to men in public specially when they are not related. This is
  totaly different from my country where I used to lived and honestly speaking it
  has nothing compare to my country. But offcourse I do respect its rules and regulations.
  It was just too hard to adjust since I grew up with the opposite kind living.


  Days, weeks, months and years have passed. Who would have thought that I will be
  enjoying the life here. Yes, I do now. It''s not lifeless at all.

  Little by little, I realized that this country is not too bad as I was thinking
  before. I just had to open my eyes and was able to see the beauty in it. The people
  and its culture,

  Foods are so damn delicious and I promise that you won''t be able to stop youself
  from eating once you have tasted them. The KABSA that is made of by the combination
  of rice, meat and vegetables and spices. Sound great right? well it tastes even
  greater.THE MANDI, that is definitely a must to try dish because it''s really so
  tasty and THE MARGOOG which is not just tasty but indeed an extremely healthy dish
  and many more. All are originally from this country.


  Even some places here are so wonderful like  the EDGE OF THE WORLD that when looking
  to the horizon from the edge it appears as if the plains continue endlessly. THE
  FARASAN ISALND that is not just a private beach but a paradise for having mangroves
  and endemic Gazelle species in addition to the numerous historical sites on the
  main island. And who would have thought that also the desert that first i thought
  was ''''lifeless'''' would now make me fall inlove by its beauty, silence and tranquility.
  There are still many beautiful places here that I haven''t been to, and I hope someday
  I will be able to visit some of them.


  And most of all, I''ve find it so peaceful to live here. Day by day, this country
  never failed to amaze me. I used to discover something new everyday and waking up
  so excited about what will going to happen.


  Indeed a lesson learned for me. That no matter where I go, If i won''t open my eyes
  and embrace it, I will never see the magic. It does''nt matter wether the place
  is small or big, full of trees or sands, as long as we know how to appreciate it,
  we will be able to see the beauty in it.


  I hope you all like it and I''m encouriging everyone to take a visit here, I am
  pretty sure you guys would love here as much as I do.'
