Title: Saved by the God in his city
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/saved-by-the-god-in-his-city
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Khazhgali Kozhasov
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'On one warm Sunday evening I was returning from Rio de Janeiro to Barra da
  Tijuca where I was staying during my visit to Brazil in August 2018. I decided not
  to take taxi, which is, by the way, very cheap in Brazil, and looked for the nearest
  bus stop. I was already quite tired and got onto an overcrowded bus. At certain
  point I noticed that the trip is taking over needed 30 minutes and I started to
  worry. In the meanwhile the bus got almost empty and the neighbourhood we were passing
  through was very dark and frightening. To my regret, no one in the bus including
  the driver spoke English. But fortunately, my poor knowledge of Spanish helped me
  to understand that I took a wrong bus and we were already in Cidade de Deus, Rio''s
  favela that got very famous after multi-award-winning film "City of God". People
  advised me to get off at the next stop and take another bus to Barra da Tijuca.
  I followed the advice, got off the bus and found myself in a poorly lit street.
  The bus stop I was supposed to be at was around 300 meters away on the other side
  of the street. I have just made the first steps towards it as three youngsters surrounded
  me and asked for "dinheiro" (money in Portuguese). I had around 200 Reals in my
  pocket which I volunteered to give away for the sake of safety. The guys were happy
  and let me go but when I reached the bus stop there was another group of young laughing
  brazilians. As one could imagine the guys asked me for the same thing as the previous
  ones and I kindly explained them that I do not have "dinheiro". Obviously they were
  not very satisfied with my explanation and one of them started to quickly search
  in my pockets while three his friends were holding me. They found my passport and
  cell phone and had kept the latter. As far as I understood, one of the guys insisted
  that it is a bad thing to steal tourists'' passport and the youngsters freed me
  with big smiles on their faces. I felt like after being served by a cashier in a
  supermarket, the "cashiers" sold me my life in exchange for a cell phone (I think
  everyone agrees that the price was not that high). Soon after my bus to Barra arrived,
  and I got on. I had to tell the driver that I was robbed and he was very kind to
  allow me travel without a ticket. Two feeling were overwhelming me: anger because
  of lost money and cell phone, and joy because of saved life and health. I arrived
  to the hotel around midnight and got asleep immediately. When I woke up in the late
  morning I opened my laptop and logged into my facebook page. What I found there
  shocked me a lot: there was a message from one of the guys who robbed me the day
  before, he was very apologizing for the accident and asked how he could find me
  to return the cell phone. We agreed to meet near my hotel in the evening and he
  brought my phone together with a bar of chocolate. The reason for his very kind
  gesture (as he explained me with the help of google translate) was that he found
  some photos of my family on the phone and he so liked them that he thought: it would
  be very bad if I loose such a nice memory about my beloved people as these photos.
  And, by the way, the chocolate bar he presented was for my little daughters. I hugged
  him and wished all the best in his life...I will be definitely back, City of God!'
