Title: SAVE THE MENTAWAI WAVE
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/save-the-mentawai-wave
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Adi Prima
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: There are many surfers of the world willing to fly all the way to Mentawai.
  Only to hunt and conquer the waves there. Outsiders flock to Indonesia, Indonesians
  flock out to vacation! We can also find this anecdote when visiting West Sumatra,
  precisely in the Mentawai Islands. The period March to November each year when the
  peak wave season is high, the number of foreign tourists visiting the Mentawai will
  increase. Their goal, hunting the Mentawai waves. Indonesian tourism is not inferior
  to other countries, we must be proud of Indonesian tourism! Transportation is increasingly
  smooth and the increasingly close distance influences tourist visits to the Mentawai.
  Aircraft from Jakarta and other major cities almost every day depart for the Minangkabau
  International Airport (BIM), please traveler visit the travel website to select
  a list of flights and other accommodations to get to the city of Padang. From the
  city of Padang, fast boats travel around the Indian Ocean every day to take a traveler
  who wants to visit Mentawai. It only takes three hours to Bumi Sikerei, Mentawai.
  MEET NEW FRIENDS Three hours of sea trips are also fun with views of the high seas,
  in fact, if lucky a traveler will meet new dolphin friends who greet in the middle
  of the high seas. BEST WASTE IN THE WORLD Mentawai waves are recognized as one of
  the best in the world. This recognition is not from the Mentawai people, but from
  surfers who have felt the fierce Mentawai waves. Irwan Duha (30), one of the surf
  guides on Pulau Sipora, told me that he once got 200 USD tips from foreign tourists
  who challenged him to conquer the biggest waves of Mentawai. However, after arriving
  at the spot surfing, the guest was shocked by the magnitude of the wave, the guest
  still had to pay for tips even though he did not surf, recalled Irwan. Which big
  wave enthusiast doesn't want to go to Mentawai? Hundreds of waves to surf are here.
  The acts of terrorism which almost every year occur in Indonesia they do not care!
  Another reason, in Mentawai, surfers do not need to fight because of waves, Mentawai
  waves are many and still quiet, unlike other surf spots. WHITE SAND AND SUNSET The
  ability to surf and the amount of waves you want to conquer can also be adjusted
  in the Mentawai. For a traveler who can't surf, don't worry, there is a white sand
  offer and the hospitality of the Mentawai people. The Mentawai white sand dish can
  be enjoyed when the ship is about to lean on the Tuapeijat Pier, Sipora Island.
  Enjoying the sunset (sunset) on the high seas can also be an alternative for tourists
  who cannot surf. KEEPING MENTAWAI WASTE Foreign tourists who visit are also concerned
  with the Mentawai waves. They are aware that it is the Mentawai people who must
  guard the waves and beaches for future generations. Perfect Fondation is the name
  of an institution founded by foreign surfing tourists in Mapaddegat Hamlet, Tuapeijat
  Village, besides teaching English, they also have regular surfing classes and the
  practice of recycling plastic waste to local children. The most outermost in the
  West Sumatra region, the Mentawai Islands must optimize the existing tourism potential
  so that tourists who visit are increasingly crowded. For wave hunters, white sand
  lovers and sunset lovers who have never visited and are curious, please enter the
  Mentawai Islands in the list of your next tourist attractions.
