Title: Scenery that Lasts
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/scenery-that-lasts
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Brigita Hermien Asriyantie
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Michigan Avenue

  Breeze touching my skin with fluttering sound of wind accompanies me in this distant
  scenery which always struggled and reminisce can be person for coming into this
  palpable nature in the real presence. Standing in front of, again the bridge over
  canals of this classic stories design of monochrome era with carved concrete embelished
  unto them, only in color. At the Michigan Avenue, a bridge connecting one area to
  another passing through blue water. This is just wonder to have this privilege for
  this waited for lifetime waking experience.


  Lambert Galleria

  Curves of highly skeletal concrete with far steps ahead and meters of width, background
  with blue sky greets me in one of breathtaking beauty sights inside this wonderful
  city. Walking through most exquisite arts which only understand by artists. Photos
  of arctic species and condition surround them were much more different, slightly
  uncomfortable. Those mountains of iceberg photographed in black and white, those
  arctic species walking around over those iceberg, at the right side there are paintings
  of same location in high definition photorealistic documentation, only those ice
  mountains were no more, melted. This fragrant cold breeze of air touch my skin this
  heartbeat walking and feeling earning all those beats of all of struggles and tired
  rally with intention for continuously contribute with slight hope of tangible value,
  this experience of city.


  Between intersection of this sidewalk, concretes made by light colored stacked neatly
  with right and left border of symetrically square and rectangle fabrics with clear
  forming at each stories forming several classical two stories houses which transformed
  into delicate cafe and bakery. Red straight canopy accenting above each doors gives
  some eclectic style around the house. Pink leafs bloomed around the window with
  Paris lamp over the nicely hanged tree.


  Patinoire Carre d''youville

  Endless series of breathtaking views. This is winter, the air is chilling, freeze
  my skin wrapped with thick sweater. Smile, stucked inside lung try to resist change
  of temperature inside forehead, heart beats excitedly. Skating field under medieval
  era''s concrete that firmly builded years ago from left to right intersected by
  winter''s ice sliding arena. Lamp shined accross that medieval building gives accents
  to building concretes that has been there historically. At far from sight lined
  up carved classical buildings as if it was centuries ago.


  Inhaling freshest oxygen near this static streamline green natural lake, conserved
  since centuries ago. This natural beauty of time stopping scenery gives more heartbeat
  being in this palpable reality that closely tangible with experience of clear wind,
  scent of grass around that lake. Over the distance sprinkled snow over the mountains
  cliffs reflected by the sun resembled color of stone. Over this piles of stones
  gazing around wide scenery of natural existence inside a city.'
