Title: 'Scooter Trip from Makassar to Manado '
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/scooter-trip-from-makassar-to-manado-2
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Andi  Alam
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: I rode a scooter from Makassar to Manado with a total distance of 1,705 km for
  almost three weeks. It was party of two. A travel with my adventurous friend from
  Netherlands. We started from Makassar and stopped around 5pm every day. Our first
  stop was at Rammang-Rammang, a place in the cluster of karst (limestone) mountains
  Maros. After that, we were looking for Lake Tempe but we were lost for 3 hours.
  The size of Lake Tempe is impressive and surrounded by 3 municipalities. What makes
  it famous is its floating village. Most people living in this village are fisherman.
  They cannot afford buying house on the land and it is also easier for them to do
  their job on the lake. For two days after, we did not visit any place. We rode via
  Tana Toraja, an area famous as a country above the cloud, to reach Poso. Death is
  an important part for Toraja culture. Torajans remain at home even after they have
  passed away. Life and death live under the same roof in Toraja. It is uncommon,
  but it is there. We found wonderful scenery in Poso. It is unexpected. Poso was
  an area that underwent a conflict for years. It is believed as a conflict between
  Islam and Christian, but there is more to the story. It was at peace when we traveled
  there, but we still could see the remnants of conflict. We witnessed ordinary people
  held gun at ease. Nobody really bothered. We found a nice gulf where we were skinny
  dipping. It was an untouchable site. Clearly, it was not visited by a lot of tourists.
  We spent four days in Poso. We visited Saluopa Waterfall and enjoyed fresh water
  there. We continued our motorbike trip to Gorontalo. There is an area where whale
  sharks spend their time in Gorontalo. We went there. Using snorkeling equipment
  and camera, we met those gentle giants. It was a rare experience. It did not happen
  any time we wanted. Whale sharks lived there for a moment only. Our next visit was
  Manado, but we did not go straight to Bunaken, one of popular tourism place. We
  went to Tamahon where we enjoyed hot spring and met another rare species, Tarsius
  Tarsier. There are a lot more stories about this trip that I would like to convey,
  but I only have 10 minutes to write. These amazing moments all that I remember mostly.
