Title: 'See what I found: Always Enchanted'
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/see-what-i-found-always-enchanted
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Rachmalin Dwi S
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'The clear sky and the favorable weather for my trip this time. For some reason
  when people chose the beach as their traveling destination, I decided to venture
  around every corner of the city.


  Bandung is a city in Indonesia that I chose to explore, not get bored and always
  be happy in that city. The culinary is always tempting and never disappoints, the
  nature is friendly, the building is artistic, and the streets always give me memories.
  There is always a story in every trace of me there.


  That day I just followed my feet and stepped on. Walk every street and observe every
  situation I go through. Finding new directions turned out to find something new
  too. I saw people waiting long between the puffs of smoke. I curiously approached
  the direction of the queue. It turned out that they were all queuing up to be able
  to enjoy ''Sate Jando'' which is said to be legendary, the queue was always long
  since morning. The puff of smoke that is characteristic when cooking satay has penetrated
  my nose, I can''t wait to enjoy it. I have to be patient waiting for the queue,
  but more patient and strong the satay trader, who does not stop fanning so that
  the flame in the charcoal remains stable. Delicious food is indeed created on the
  basis of struggle. It is true that the struggle will never betray the results. It
  was time for me to get the satay that I waited for almost half an hour more. Every
  bite of each prick is full of satisfaction. Satisfied because this waiting is not
  in vain. Sate Jando is a satay from the beef breast that has been spiced before
  being burned, then poured with sweet and savory peanut sauce.


  Do not stop at Sate Jando, I continue to explore Bandung. Implicit in my mind to
  visit every existing museum. Intrigued by flashback from the city of Bandung, I
  visited the Bandung City Museum, which included the origins of Bandung, history,
  and stories in Bandung. Then to the Postal Museum which presents various types of
  postal equipment and a complete collection of stamps from domestic and abroad. Adjacent
  to the Postal Museum there is the Gedung Sate Museum which contains architectural
  contents of Gedung Sate. Still around the area there is the Geology Museum which
  contains thousands of ancient collections and various types of rocks. Visiting the
  museum is always fun, i can see various collections and add to my insight.


  I don''t know how many kilometers these feet have walked. It was almost late afternoon.
  All I need is freshness. I found another legendary place, ''Cisangkuy Yogurt'',
  which has been around since 1976. This building is still typical of ancient buildings.
  Most visitors are in their 50s, maybe their nostalgic place. But there are also
  many millennia. I chose yogurt strawberries to get rid of this thirst, plus a piece
  of strawberry which added freshness in the hot weather at that time.


  In the afternoon the journey continues, I want to enjoy the view of Bandung City
  at night. Seeing a glowing night and shining stars, daydreaming is the best thing
  to do in the Upper Dago area. I can see each building from above, the cold night
  wind is not a problem because there is a cup of warm coffee. The sound of the wind
  between the thick trees, the shimmering stars in the sky, the different colors of
  light from each building, and sometimes the sound of crickets enlivening. A very
  complete package for my day. Thank you Bandung for all the moments.'
