Title: Self exploration
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/self-exploration
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Erum Syed
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Being from a conservative Muslim family, even planning for a small solo trip
  and successfully executing it is a milestone. During my graduation days I've planned
  many such one day trips for myself and one such trip was to kavi kamboi near Vadodara.
  I started off alone with very limited amount of money I had. I boarded a public
  transport and had a chance to meet this amazing woman who was all into social work
  during my bus journey.There was so much to be learned from this amazing women and
  I felt so inspired. As my stop arrived, we exchanged our contact informations and
  headed on to our respective destination with no certainity of meeting again. (Fortunately,
  we're still in touch and I'm a part of her NGO now). I explored the place first,
  also took some amazing shots. My visit was during a low tide time so I got the opportunity
  to see the shivling in the temple and was also mesmerized to know how Muslim workers
  were taking care of Hindu pilgrimage. Later I took a walk along the sea wall which
  was so serene and tranquil.It was mid noon by then and was feeling hungry. I walked
  a few metres in search of some dhaba and luckily reached to a temple where food
  was being served, that too for free. I took all the advantage of it and ate bellyful.
  Again, I went back to the place and this time my focus was to see different crab
  species as kavi kamboi is known for its varied crab species. Many researchers also
  visit there as a part of their field study. After exploring the place I enjoyed
  the local dish nearby, a mixture of flour and desi ghee(also called khichu locally).
  Despite of having bus fare, I decided to take a lift which was again a good decision
  as I met an interesting family who were kind enough to give me a lift till halfway.
  The family was very warming and funny. They even advised me to explore other places
  around whenever I visit next. I bonded well with their kids as I love children.
  Dropping me at station they bid me an emotional goodbye, and I was surprised how
  easily we human make connections, small yet pure. This was one such trip where I
  didn't explore much places but I did explore myself. I always thought that I'm an
  introvert as a person, but that isn't the case. I made some great bonds, l and it
  was one such trip which I'll cherish for life.
