Title: Seventeen Years Later
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/seventeen-years-later
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Danela  Savone
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Seventeen Years ago I discovered my love for food and culture when I embarked
  on a study abroad program my senior year in college. I lived in Segovia, Spain with
  a family who like my family back home in New York owned an authentic Salumeria.
  I unlike the other 9 students who took part in this adventure easily was assimilated
  and felt right at home. I quickly learned my way around the cobblestone old streets
  surrounded by the ancient Roman Aqueduct. I immediately found my favorite cafe to
  stop twice three times a day for coffee. I became a regular at my favorite tapa
  restaurants where I would stop in every early evening after class for a couple glasses
  of local wine and a few bites of my favorite tortilla, patatas bravas, gamberones.
  I was a Hispanic Studies major in college with a Concentration in Elementary Education
  so I was studying abroad learning the art history of Spain, VISITING museums, castles,
  Art galleries, MAKING DAY Trips INTO Madrid by train and doing field work at a private
  school teaching Stude ts English. I left Segovia knowing that I wanted to be a teacher
  and teach Bilingual children Spanish and English. At the time it all made complete
  sense. I mean isn't it why.I went to college? Well seventeen years later, seventeen
  years spent in the classroom teaching English as a Second Language to Hispanic students
  I find something has been truly missing from my life. That teaching wasn't enough
  to fulfill mY soul. I was chasing the wrong dream. For the past seventeen years
  I have been wanting something more, something to awakens my senses, my taste buds
  and my soul. The past few years I have discovered that I was meant to be in the
  culinary industry. That food and cooking is truly my ultimate dream. I was set up
  purposely during my study abroad program to live with a family who owned the same
  type of food business my family owned for over 40 years. Where I worked my entire
  life and learned all there is to know to appreciate good authetic italian food.
  I felt right at home in Segovia because it was like being back in my parents home
  town in Italy where I've spent alot of my life. I quickly fell in love with the
  food and culture of Spain because little did I know then that this was my calling
  in life. I was meant to be embraced in food and culture. In wine and authentic delicacies
  of European Cuisine. I resigned from my teaching job after seventeen years to do
  just that and pursue my culinary dreams. I gave up a 6 figure salary when I was
  casted on season 9 of MASTERCHEF on Fox with Gordon Ramsay to compete among the
  best home cooks in AMERICA. I am now slowly making my mark in the culinary world.
  My ultimate dream is to open my own small plates tapas wine bar restaurant based
  on my love and passion for food and culture, for what has been missing from my life
  the past seventeen years when I made my way through the small narrow cobblestone
  town of Segovia Spain.
