Title: SheGeek Travels
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/shegeek-travels
SetInCountry: Barbados
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sherritha lucas
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Whenever I go somewhere I am a complete   tourist. I take a lot of photos and
  join tour groups, I ask about the local cuisine. The whole nine. But the time I
  wanted to see where my curiosity took if I just went by the sit of my pants, and
  when I tell you Barbados did not disappoint it was spectacular. I ask one of the
  hotel staff something they would recommend. He told me about his friends jungle
  tours. (Pics in bio) I saw birds , snakes, spiders, monkeys and there was a barbecue
  afterwards and the food didn't slack on flavor. From the fish, to the goat meat.I
  left there full and ready for more.The very next day I just took a walk and came
  across a scooter rental and you know it I rented one and drove to site see ( pics
  in bio) the landscape is absolutely breathtaking. Mother nature showed off when
  she made this island. I watched the sunset on the edge of a cliff, where other families
  and people had gathered to watch in the glory of peace. I met up with a few people
  I went on the jungle tours, we went to a local restaurant Bonie , which I found
  out means "slim body" the food was amazing.We met with owner and he invited us for
  a beach bonfire after close. (Pics in bio) The next day I relaxed jet lag caught
  up with me so it was a spa day. The hotel had a wonderful spa. I treated myself
  and called it a day. After my rest day I wanted actually knock something off my
  bucket list. Deep sea fishing, The captain of the boat was spectacular hilarious.
  We spent 4 hours out to sea, it was 5 other people on board I caught a 17lb Tuna
  ( pics in bio) the captain asked everyone a really crazy question. Does anyone want
  to swim with a few milk sharks. At first I was thinking ' hell no' but I felt it
  was a once in a lifetime thing why not? I had to video record this one. There had
  to be over 50 young milk sharks and I was dead smack in the middle of them all.
  That day we had tuna for dinner on the beach. My last day there I wanted to just
  relax but something said enjoy it while it last. I knocked on my neighbors door
  and asked if she wanted to go horseback riding, she lit up and said yes. We asked
  one of the hotel staff where was it located and he directed us to the right spot.
  It was a 2 1/2 tour along the beach and some jungle. Worth every minute of the butt
  pain I got lol. Me and the young lady went back to our hotel rooms I ordered a dinner
  and was going to call it a night. When I heard a tap on my door. It was her, she
  wanted to return the favor and take me late night zip lining through the jungle.
  It was amazballs ( yes thats a word I made up) they put these LED lights on your
  suite and you zip across the jungle a full football field length and you hear the
  jungle come to life, as you moving like 45mph across the sky. Totally worth it.
  When I finally got back to my room it was 4 a.m I had to be up and on the plane
  by 9 lol so I just stayed up and packed. If I could say anything about my experience
  here, it would be. Thank you from someone who experience all of your beautiful wonder.
