Title: Siberia
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/siberia
SetInCountry: Russia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: danielle piscatelli
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'The thought that continually comes to my mind when I recall my trip to Siberia
  many years ago is my friend Marsha driving me to the airport. At one point my nerves
  started to get the best of me. Traveling to Siberia, pretty much on a whim, to spend
  three weeks hiking around Lake Bakail with 18 strangers. I said in a panic, " Who
  does this sort of thing?" Marsha said, "You do Danielle, and that''s why we love
  you."


  My anxiety gave way to jet lag on my journey from Boston to London then London to
  Moscow. I had rudimentary knowledge of Russian, less than five hours of sleep, crossing
  seven time zones where I had to catch a flight to Ulan Ude in Siberia. I wandered
  in my haze around the Moscow airport looking for the information desk with my backpack.
  Travelers were paying 15 rubles to have their luggage saran wrapped in plastic.
  I tare at the machine, I stared at the wrapped luggage wondering if I was supposed
  to do that too?


  Eventually finding the information desk the clerk and I struggled through communication
  - her English and my Russian - to give me directions to my gate. Making my way through
  security I was scolded by the agent because I didn''t put blue hospital booties
  on my feet. At my gate my nerves came back to me when I saw it was''t a separate
  gate for each plane but one door for several flights. I walked through hoping I
  was going to get on the correct plane.It wasn''t until I was about to walk through
  the door of the plane when I looked at another passengers ticket and recognized
  her destination matched mine.


  I took my seat, a deep breath and settled in for the five hour flight across the
  Russian countryside to my three week journey into the unknown.'
