Title: Silence is overestimated
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/silence-is-overestimated
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: "V\xEDvian  Lima"
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: '"And after all, you''re my wonder..." Before finishing this part of the music
  the voice of my angry grandmother stood out shouting to my brother saying: "DOUGLAS,
  STOP TO IMPLICATE WITH YOUR COUSIN". At that moment we had been in a seven-seater
  car for six hours. I, my patient father, my mother who controlled the songs, my
  noisy grandmother, my brother and cousin who only knew how to fight.

  I looked out the window and saw tall palm trees, a scorching sun and a salty wind
  that hit my face and shaken my hair, these were signs that we were arriving at our
  destination: a beach town with few inhabitants and beautiful landscapes called Canoa
  Quebrada.

  However, nothing can be perfect. I, a person who cherishes for silence, was about
  to spend three days with the noisiest people on the face of the earth: my family.
  My goal was to enjoy the beautiful blue sea, feel the grains of sand at my feet
  and relax on the most beautiful beach in Brazil.

  On the first day, as expected, my family was late and consequently the whole day
  was an attempt to make up for lost time, but without success. We could not go to
  sea on that day.

  On the second day, we woke up early and decided to enjoy the day, went to the beach
  and to my surprise my family decided to take a buggy tour. The driver climbed the
  highest dunes and descended at high speed, my mother''s face was green, we could
  see the fear in her eyes. Meanwhile, my father and I enjoyed the adventure, feeling
  the wind and the sand touch our face and we exploring the adrenaline.

  On the third day we took a raft tour, we went to the middle of the ocean to make
  an unbelievable dive. At the end of that day, we would return home, another seven
  hours of travel. The result was that I spent three days totally close to my family,
  so I could not fulfill my goals.

  When we got in the car to return home I soon remembered the absurd noise my family
  had made on the way there, but to my relief, everyone was too exhausted to make
  any sound. I leaned my head against the soft car upholstery hoping to enjoy the
  wonderful moment of silence to take a nap. The result was that I moved at least
  fifty times because the silence was not at all comforting.

  Throughout the trip, I wanted to have a moment of peace, but when I did, why I did
  not feel satisfied? I looked at my father with a short beard and remembered the
  incredible moments that we spent in the most beautiful landscapes ever seen. Beside
  him was my mother with her eyes closed and I retrieved all the moments that she
  seemed to feel scared on the trip, but nevertheless, she always participated in
  the experiences with us. At my side was my grandmother who was no longer shouting,
  behind me was my brother and cousin sleeping, whoever would look at them would never
  think how frequent are the fights between these two kids. Behind them was the dusty
  window of the car, providing the view of the road with its sand-strewn surroundings,
  traces of the beach that we left behind.

  I never expected that silence would cause me so much discomfort, I was eager to
  hear my mother laughing, my father tune out the songs and even hear my grandmother
  complaining to my brother.

  On this trip I wanted to do several activities but found that I accomplished an
  even greater purpose, I created bonds with my family that could never be erased.
  I hoped to find everything, a new tan, a new friendship, maybe a new love, but I
  never expected to find the pleasure and longing to hear all the noises made by my
  family.'
