Title: Singapore Change My Life
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/singapore-change-my-life
SetInCountry: Singapore
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Raka Prasetyo
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: It's my story in Singapore about a year ago. I'm going to Singapore with not
  much experience of Travelling because of some reason my parents not allowing me
  to travel alone. so when I arrive in Singapore at first-day I'm looking for Singaporean
  Local Cuisine because what comes in my mind is to find something that I can eat
  but I also wanted to experience some local food. I ate Laksa because my friend told
  me to try it out. it has a very unique taste and texture when I ate it. after eating
  some local Food I'm headed to the hotel near the Orchard Road to rest for a night.
  the next day in the morning I'm visiting the most famous Singapore Merlion's Statue.
  after visiting Merlion's Statue I'm going to a local market and try to communicate
  with local people. I'm who is from Indonesia doesn't have difficulty when speaking
  with local people because I speak Malayu very fluently but I don't want to speak
  with my native language. instead, I'm using English to communicate with the local
  because I wanted to practice my English speaking skills. but somehow they notice
  that I can speak malayu that when I'm trying to speak English they said "bicara
  melayu saja(speak with Malayu)". I'm kinda upset but it's all fine. I continue my
  journey to orchard road and just realize how amazing Singapore city with all their
  strict rule that totally different from my country. the fact is that Singaporean
  and Indonesian culture is really similar, how they speak and eat are basically the
  same but how come Singapore is more advanced in many aspects and moral than my country
  has. probably because of how the government is so strict? or maybe they really have
  advanced in a way of thinking. then I continue my journey through Singapore with
  a lot of amazement because I keep finding a lot of difference between the country
  that I visit and my own hometown country. until the last day in Singapore I even
  more curious of how to implement the way of people in Singapore live into my life.
  I even plan to change my country one day. I understand why I keep amused when I
  travel around Singapore. it's because that is my first time traveling to another
  country and it also taught me that traveling to new places will give you a new experience
  and open your eyes about how it will change your life.
