Title: Sleeping Beauty
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/sleeping-beauty
SetInCountry: Norway
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Oana Moldovan
AuthorCountry: Romania
Text: 'For a thousand times I have watched the last sun rays put aside their golden
  crowns without a bother in the world. And for the thousand-first time, my eyes trace
  the hues of a perfect pink casting shadows on the horizon. Somehow, I cannot shake
  a feeling of finality growing deep inside me. The diffuse clouds don''t seem to
  share my worry, unaware of the impeding darkness ahead.


  We''re flying right into the land of always winter, where not even the Sun dares
  to shine. And by "always," I really mean three months.


  Here, a sleepy coziness like a quiet Christmas evening greets me... it doesn''t
  matter that it''s only noon. Tucked away well beyond the Arctic Circle, the island
  of Svalbard seems to be frozen in time. The dusty-looking alleys flicker under the
  street lamps, the blanket of snow pristine and untouched. Not a soul, not a sigh.


  "It''s all a fair trade," the mantra in my head keeps playing over and over. Bidding
  farewell to life as you and I know it (where the Sun orders you around) and stepping
  into the unknown for a promise, a wish, a hope of something far brighter. Next time
  I would look up, the emerald curtains of the Northern Lights would be draped over
  the skies, dancing and twisting. I would witness magic.


  And so we venture deeper into the wilderness under the guidance of a trusty pack
  of Huskies. The darkness has stripped away any trace of time. With the crisp arctic
  air beating against my face and anticipation running high, I have never been more
  awake.


  On and on we drift across the valleys, feeling like slipping into the nothingness
  of a Black Hole. What must have been a picturesque scenery was pitch-black, dominated
  by a heavy silence broken by the dogs'' panting and the snow cackling under the
  weigh of the sled. Eerie, but not unpleasant.


  For what felt like seven days and seven nights we sought and hoped. But some things
  are just never meant to be. The Lights kept to themselves, somewhere far above the
  sturdy barrier of clouds frowning down at us.


  Making our way back to the little northern town, we find it in the same spell-bound
  daze. It is exactly like stepping right into the pages of a certain fairytale. And
  I am sure that if I count, every little speck of snow would be in the same exact
  spot as before. Longing to disrupt this flawless stillness, we rudely plough through
  to the nearest pub, in an attempt to warm our spirits (and limbs) up.


  It is like a volcano, bubbling away just below the calm surface. It is what keeps
  the town alive, its own beating heart. Locals and travellers all gather here, in
  a place where everyone is welcome. A deafening plethora of laughter, accents and
  languages is as sweet as music.


  There are tales of the old days to be heard, stories of adventures to be told, laughs
  to be had and friendships to be made. The community here is an amalgam of backstories
  and cultures, all living in harmony and making do.


  It is abundantly clear that the people of Svalbard have understood that happiness
  comes when you stop pursuing shadows. If you strip the grind of daily life down
  to the bare simplicity, it can only bring out the best in people.


  Sometimes you don''t find what you want to, but rather what you need to. My life
  has not been changed by witnessing colourful lights in the sky because life is not
  about ticking items off bucket-lists, but rather memories you look fondly back on.


  And as we leave the icy tarmac, I am reassured it has been a fair trade. For the
  thousand-second time, I gaze over the horizon, where the faintest glint of green
  blinks coyly...'
