Title: 'Smiling history under the blue sky '
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/smiling-history-under-the-blue-sky
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Maryam Zohra
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: Love makes you happy. Similarly in recent years I visited some other province
  of Pakistan. Earlier I believed on the media generated information but when I visited
  there, I was surprised to see that culture, those beautifully carved mountains,
  with the base of flowing waters in which sky was reflecting, those old British residencies,
  and hardworking people. Initially, I used to believe that those people can not stay
  happy as they are lacking alot of facilities. But everything was different from
  that I imagined in my mind. People still use mud ports by believing that it is good
  for health. They were living a very simple life which fascinated me. During our
  journey, I observed that those people don't have access to industry or technology
  or even electricity. Even though they satisfied enough that they used to grow some
  friuts and managed their energy issue by solar power. The most important that I
  noticed there was the bond of father and son. Walking through the stony streets
  by holding one another's hand, was most beautiful scene of all those attractive
  scenes. In our daily life, materialistic things are occupying our emotions and shattering
  our system of being attached, being loved and cared. Those lovely scenes were engrained
  in the walls of that city. Man protecting his women, children serving and respecting
  their parents, playing brothers and sisters, having a family lunch daily such things
  were adding a hundred times more beauty to that province. Through that trip, I learned
  alot of things. For example, importance of relations and their culture. I understood
  that mothers warmness, father's care, brothers love and sisters support makes a
  family prettier then anything. They were the people who are suffering alot but still
  smiling under the umbrella of unavailability. That's why Pakistan is regarded as
  one of the most happiest country in the world.
