Title: Soap and radio - re-finding my fire in Buenos Aires
DateModified: '2019-02-22'
DatePublished: '2019-02-22'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/soap-and-radio-re-finding-my-fire-in-buenos-aires
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Chelsea Pickens
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: 'To be honest I had begun to wonder if if travelling was still for me. I could
  remember the ecstasy of actually setting foot in a place I had previously only dreamed
  about, reveling in every little detail, the smells, the sounds, the tastes - any
  point of difference to my well-trodden, comfortable life at home. But then, of course,
  addicted as I became to the travel high, I ended up travelling so much that nothing
  seemed new and exciting anymore. Perhaps I had used up all my ''firsts'' and the
  fire had gone out. But following a long break-up, a girls trip seemed inevitable,
  and a cheap package deal to Buenos Aires irresistible, so on I boarded with my BFF
  to Argentina hoping to find that fire again.


  With the image of Evita Peron welcoming us from the biggest city buildings, the
  first Argentinian local we met was the guide for our city tour. I was surprised
  to learn he was of Italian heritage, as were many Argentinians we met. We were later
  informed that Argentinian natives weren''t to be seen anywhere in the sprawling,
  highly populated city and were of very low numbers elsewhere - a sobering reminder
  of the once brutal Spanish colonization. Going out for dinner I was also surprised
  to have trouble ordering or saying anything at all - English wasn''t as widely understood
  as I had assumed it would be in such a popular tourist destination, and my BFF''s
  high-school Spanish just wasn''t holding up. Well this was new... as an English-speaking
  tourist I had become lazily accustomed to people all over the world speaking MY
  language, and didn''t expect to need to tentatively step out of my comfort zone
  and vulnerably mispronounce a jumbled phrase in Spanish. But needs must, and with
  some quick google translations immersed we became, and soon felt like we were part
  of the vibrant city atmosphere, not just awkward tourists looking on.


  On one of the days we took a tour of the Tigre delta, a kind of ''Venice of South
  America''. This naturally involved a grumpy taxi trip through gridlock traffic,
  running around an industrial area frantically attempting to ask any office workers
  for directions to the dock, and lastly a desperate sprint in heeled boots to our
  actual meeting spot, ten minutes past departure.  A very casual Carlos greeted us,
  off-setting our mania with his calm observation that the other passengers still
  hadn''t arrived, we would wait for them. ''Argentinian time'' saved the day and
  served as a sweet reminder that life doesn''t always have to be fast-paced and stressful.
  Carlos, our guide from Paraguay, had also instantly decided that we were to be his
  new friends -  two youngish women were clearly not his usual clientele and this
  was quite the opportunity to socialize. Over tapas and one-liter bottles of beer
  the three of us laughed, curiously learnt about each other''s lives, and held many
  mini lessons in Spanish and English speaking respectively. This, we found, was the
  essence of Argentina. Fun in eating and drinking, meeting and socializing, laughing
  and asking honest questions. Fun that is so often lost in the daily grind as we
  eat leftovers at our desk, text friends instead of meeting, and go home to become
  mindlessly absorbed in Netflix. In Argentina that all slipped away and we found
  ourselves becoming part of the color and vibrancy.


  Carlos succeeded in becoming our friend and joined us for a pub-crawl through Palermo,
  a stylish, hipster-type area, framed by kaleidoscopic graffiti telling the once
  tumultuous political struggles of the people. Here, aided by cheap beer and pizza,
  we conversed with locals. However, these were not tour-guides trained in English,
  and the very active use of google-translate was required to create any conversation
  at all. Phones were enthusiastically handed back and forth with translations which
  brought forth many giggles and confused replies. We ended our night and trip with
  two locals trying desperately to communicate a hilarious joke in which ''soap''
  and ''radio'' came together to form the punchline - needless to say this resulted
  in much laughter all round. And needless to say the fire had returned and I had
  remembered my love of travel once more.'
