Title: sole shrug better than bed bug
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/sole-shrug-better-than-bed-bug
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Nikhil Gupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'He was a child and it was a city. He lived as a dreamer and it was a dream.
  He is a grownup now and so does the city. It was since his childhood he wanted to
  visit the capital city of his country to which he was a patriot. But as stated it
  was a dream and the dreamer has a fear if it is not as he expected, his city lights
  wouldn''t be that lit as it was. So he kept on delaying the visit. At the end He
  visited it after 6 years.


  What did happen on the visit? Was the dreamt city stood tall or it just was a bluff?
  Who is he? There''s nothing about the place yet? Seems dramatic?


  Voofh! So many things to answer as like so many things to do in life.(will continue
  in last).


  The visit first disappointed him as it wasn''t as expected. as the day passed comes
  the night. He thought it won''t be rush hours in the eve but little did he knew.
  All of a sudden when he went to explore the city.

  It was lighted lit.

  It was sighted fit.

  The citylights was the citynights.

  From the great Indian culture in day to ravishing western outfits in night.

  Work all day party the night.

  For some the day started at night.

  For some night brings the fight.

  (great street food you must try cause you''ll rarely get those taste elsewhere)


  1.Akshardham (lightshow for the holy bright flow) //recordings are prohibited though.

  2.Huda city center (cyber city of India) //you''ll fall after seeing place like
  this in India.

  3.CP (name the brand and you''ll find that in this circular alley of shopperts.)//beware
  of little snatchers though.

  4.GafarMarket ( the best Pawn place of India precisely ask the things you''ll be
  told the price like you won''t believe for the first time you''ll feel like not
  to bargain)

  5.GBroad ( the REDzone area for those who are interested to help others by help
  themselves) //area flodded with prostitutes and callgirls.

  6.paharganj (Amsterdam in India) //same time same place you can have the feel of
  junk life to funk life beauty and duty. Do visit

  7. Karol bagh (the peigon Palace) //I guess only place to go birdyfly at a no beach
  area

  8.Noida (as the name No idea) //literally you can encounter anything out of anywhere.
  From job rush to business crush.

  9.Red fort (Palace build in ancient India now used to hoist flag on 2 days of the
  year) //single visit can make your interest back to old times once again

  10.India gate (to honour the martyrs of indian militants the lauh (lit of wire)
  never burns out) // unique thing see it from anywhere you''ll always see the entrance
  and exit cannot see the edges.

  .


  Despite these shopaholics and adventurers.

  Don''t miss on any Malls in or outside the town//each brings legit design and infrastructure.

  Getting bored plan it or not just visit the outskirts of the city as it is surrounded
  by theme parks water and amusement parks.


  Speaking of what can you eat you must ask me what not to.

  The parantahs. The tangri. The kebab jalebi''s, rolls, biryani, chaat, panipuri
  and just put anything from any vendor the taste will be different in a legit way
  always. // I can''t express and simply can''t forget the eatry


  Cab buses bikes metro trains planes everything is there for a traveller to not have
  any issues to the trip.


  People are friendly jolly helpful sweetest of  you''ll ever find.


  Whatever you are this place will show you the opposite at every metro stop.


  Metros can give you a feel of travelling in minutes.. (ha ha)


  One should visit the city. As he did.

  Oh meanwhile the city is "New Delhi" and he is for the man who''s interesting and
  sole traveller.

  There''s one saying too as you go back to your place you should say "Delhi se hein
  behnchod"


  (Continuing that thought)

  Life is simple don''t complicate feel like giving up pack the bag head to new places

  cause " I never expect to find... " is a clause will make you encounter the frontier
  you were just hiding in regularities.'
