Title: Solo travel
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/solo-travel
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Adelina  Nungchim
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I had been travelling at the age of 14 that was during Ix standard school excursion.
  Ever since then I enjoy and love traveling.  I love traveling In a group or even
  a solo trip. And then at the age of 16 I was bold enough to travel solo almost all
  parts of India. My first solo trip was in the autumn of 2003 and my destination
  was Goa via Mumbai. I took a flight from Imphal to Kolkata and then to Mumbai by
  train and took a bus to Goa.

  My trip was always spontaneous. India being a land of diversity makes me adventurous
  especially the food culture. I remember the first time I landed in Mumbai straight
  away went to Gateway of India. I was so hungry and the foods were totally different
  from my hometown and this moment still gives me a great laugh ie a Dosa lunch -and
  here goes the story.  At the restaurant the picture description of Dosa in the menu
  was deliciously tempting so I ordered for it. When the waiter brought on my table
  ,I forgot that I ''d been hungry because dosa looks attractive and I just stare
  at it. All the more I didn''t know how to eat as I was in a dilemma to eat with
  a fork & spoon or to be eaten by hand. I just look at it and left my mouth water.
  The memory is so great to me that every time I travel down south India I never miss
  a dosa . It became my favorite dish.

  Ever since then I never fear to travel solo. My recent travel was way back in 2016
  to Berlin. Traveling builds my confidence. It gives me great connections to the
  outside world. The experience is so great that it just pulls us from the fears in
  our minds with new places and meeting new people.It always reminds me the the Planet
  is full of good people somewhere.  So what are you waiting for ....Let''s travel'
