Title: Soul seeking
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/soul-seeking-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Nikhil CT
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'For breakout the boring routine just wanished  to mussoori one Saturday night.

  Reached early morning there from Delhi with sleepy eys and find some space for wait
  sunrise.joined with a campfire setup of local tea shop and enjoyed unknown local
  language surrounded  with a cup of "malay tea" .Actually I hadn''t a pre-plan of
  destinations,so track it down by Google map and started walking towards Lal-tibba
  ,which is the highest view point there. I just realized that the path besides DRDO
  staffs residential areas and each houses had below 3 number pet security. Such a
  gaint dog squad , they are very friendly but when we entered wrong direction they  will
  pull us out from their borders. That was a winter season so I passed through snowroad
  and reached before sunrise. Such a beautiful arrival of Sun,  shines the Himalayas
  with a glow slowly and spreaded light everywhere under it like a ocian waves. Mobile
  camera failed to capture that moment but my eyes gave a remarkable memory to me.
  I just forgot every single thoughts,things, every emotions for a while. me and that
  mountains.

  When I back to base and went to see kempty waterfall. It''s very beautiful as painting.
  The water falls through that rock channels like pictorial views of thunder. Local
  people make sure everytimes cleaning of surroundings. Local transportation is least
  but you can rent bicycle for visit every places there. They are living along wildlife.
  Monkeys ,dogs,cows ,lion tailed monkeys,birds, etc..more resumbles a jungle town.
  Mussoori surrounding mountains with forests and their lifestyle follows many traditional
  customs. It''s good to see a village life and they are happy with that. No air pollution
  problems vehicle rushes, fake people dramas etc.. just live with a natural purpose
  for everyone. There is also a adventure spot for fox flying , rope walk ,etc

  There local food is amazing and different by making.

  Mussoori situating near Dehradun in utharakhand state which known as " queen of
  hills" . We can hire bus from Dehradun ISBT stand. And also available of tourist
  taxies.

  They best season to visit is winter season starts from November to February last
  week.'
