Title: Spectrum of challenges and knowledge
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/spectrum-of-challenges-and-knowledge
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Beatriz Santos
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'In July 2017, I set out for an experience that I had always dreamed of and
  which, since then, is the greatest adventure I have ever had in my life. I decided
  to travel alone in Europe as Wokaway (volunteering in hostels in exchange for accommodation).
  After several weeks researching places, tickets and volunteers, I started the adventure
  in Seville, Spain. I spent two weeks in a hostel in the old center of the city,
  helping with kitchen chores and entertainment with the guests, taking them to typical
  places. Later, I went to Barcelona. I stayed for one month in a hostel, helping
  with housekeeping tasks. Then I returned to the south of Spain to explore Granada.
  There, I spent two weeks in a hostel, working with cleaning tasks. And, finally,
  I returned to the hostel in Seville for a three-week season. The return was not
  scheduled, but as I had made friends with the hostel staff, I followed my "heart"
  and I had the opportunity to stay more time with them in the beautiful Seville.

  It was on this occasion that, in order to have contact with projects of the city,
  I signed up for a volunteer organization website and, fortunately, I received a
  proposal from a very interesting NGO which works with refugee issues.

  After a meeting with the project coordinator, I had a short but very remarkable
  experience teaching Spanish to a group of refugees of different nationalities. As
  I am not fluent in the language taught, the classes were very pleasurable, with
  joint teachings and much harmony. In addition, I had the opportunity to know the
  history of some of them better and to understand the context of vulnerability and
  difficulties faced.

  Despite the few days that I have been able to be present, I have the feeling that,
  in the case of those migrants, they often need more confidence on the part of nationals
  to restart their lives. That local connection was personally an instigating adventure!

  In addition to a beautiful city with a wide history and strong culture, meeting
  the challenges of minority groups and the work of individuals and organizations
  engaged in social causes indicates how much there is to be explored when we are
  traveling. In the end, the pleasure of being able to enjoy the city, the project
  in the NGO, the experience and sociability with the guests and the friends made
  in the hostel was a complete adventure and that, since then, makes me want to travel
  even more.'
