Title: Standing Among Giants
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/standing-among-giants
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Bridget  Beury
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Months of training and planning all fold effortlessly into an epic adventure
  that seems to wrap up in the blink of an eye. I had dreamt about laying eyes on
  Mount Everest for years, and as I watch my dreams quickly become a reality, I have
  to remind myself to soak in the small details that surround me. The beginning of
  the trek is filled with excitement as we board the small aircraft that would drop
  us off in Lukla, the gateway to the Himalayas. Taking the first few steps off the
  plane is breathtaking not only from the views but also from the noticeably thinner
  air. Our packs are sent ahead with our incredibly strong sherpas whose endurance
  on the mountain does not go unnoticed. We climb until we reach our overnight accommodation
  in a cozy teahouse equipt with traditional Nepalese food such as Dal Baht and ginger
  tea. Chatting with the locals and playing many rounds of cards makes you forget
  all the technology and social media that usually rule our lives. Up early and onto
  the next village earns us some serious elevation gain as we criss-cross over the
  turquoise river by way of suspension bridges lined with multicolored prayer flags.
  Our first view of the largest mountain village of Namche Bazaar makes me wonder
  how a town this size could be built without any roads leading to it. The altitude
  begins to hit me and I become plagued with a dull headache and a slight feeling
  of nausea. My guide gives me advice and reassures me that we will take it slow and
  rest if needed. Trekking straight from Namche to the Everest View Hotel and we get
  our first official view of Mount Everest. I get a bit teary-eyed as I know we will
  continue to inch closer to my dream. As we ascend into even higher elevation, the
  panoramic views become even more unreal. Snow-capped mountains begin to fill my
  vision and an unexpected snowstorm creates a whiteout just as we reach the last
  town before base camp. We decided to forgo our acclimatization hike due to the weather,
  but it didn't matter because only one more sleep stood between me and standing at
  Everest Base Camp. Our last trekking day started before dawn. As we struggled to
  keep our footing on the icy uneven terrain, I looked up to see an unobstructed view
  of what seemed like millions of stars. A sunrise coming into view over the tallest
  mountains on the planet was a sight I won't soon forget. As we trek along the ridge
  for our final approach into base camp, Mount Everest looms over every other peak
  in the area. Base camp was lined with a handful of yellow tents that would house
  the upcoming season's climbers. I look up as my guide points out the route climbers
  would take to reach the summit over the next month and I yearn to be able to one
  day partake in that same adventure. Descending down into the base camp valley, we
  dodge multiple yaks carrying supplies. We take the final steps of our journey towards
  the sea of prayer flags covered in snow. I smile the biggest smile. My friends and
  I share hugs and a beer to commemorate our accomplishment. We had done it, climbed
  to 17,600' in adverse conditions to stand among the tallest mountains in the world.
