Title: Steps in wonderful dark
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/steps-in-wonderful-dark
SetInCountry: Uruguay
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Viviani de Lima
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: '"Take a flashlight" was the best tip I received for my trip to Cabo Polonio,
  Uruguay. The orientation was fundamental to guide my steps in that unusual place,
  without public lighting. At night, there is only the flashes from the  lighthouse
  in each 12 seconds. So I had to direct the flashlight into tracks that were lost
  in the darkness and huge puddles formed by the storm the day before. "It was twelve
  hours of heavy rain, without stopping", said Willy, owner of the lodge. He has lived
  there for almost 15 years and it was through him that I learned a little of the
  rhythm of life from that place. It was not difficult to see that the clock worked
  differently in that place: "Breakfast is served around 10 o''clock", he told me.


  I didn''t have high expectations with this area. However, the insistence of some
  friends convinced me. "Magical" was an adjectives used by them to describe the place.
  All I knew was that it was a village located inside a national park, where sea wolves
  and sea lions lay on the rocks. I thought that witnessing a little of the life of
  these animals so impressive would already be worth the trip. I was not wrong, but
  I underestimated the surprises that would come.


  Access to the village is already a great adventure and, in my case, was the first
  big step into the unknown during the trip. Buses and cars are not allowed in the
  reservation, only specific 4x4 trucks, going up and down the fine sand of the region.
  Just after crossing a forest, it is possible to have the dimension of the peculiar
  landscape: Cabo Polonio is a desert in the sea. The vegetation is low, the ranches
  are very simple, there is some internet in what they call square, a fenced with
  a bank. There is only one street, which forks: one section goes towards the reserve
  of the sea lions and the other leads to the lighthouse, a tower of 15 meters of
  height that works since 1881 to guide the navigators. Due to the antiquity and the
  legends that surround the region, the lighthouse is considered a historical monument
  of the country. It is said that those waters were cursed, that compasses turned
  senseless in that region, as if they were possessed. So there were so many wrecks
  at that point.


  I stayed there 850 meters away from the lighthouse, which resulted in good walks.
  During the day, the weather is warm, from the beach, little clothing is worn and
  the sand that is everywhere is an invitation to walk without shoes all the time.
  In the small center there are local handicraft shops, bars and restaurants with
  especially tasty dishes, whimsical in the seafood. At night, it is cold, the weather
  calls for a fire. The walk on the pitch is a sight to behold: getting lost is not
  so difficult, but it becomes fun to know that the region is very safe. Moreover,
  the noises of nocturnal animals, like frogs of different sizes, form a true symphony.
  I had the privilege of seeing Darwin''s tiny toad, which shines in the dark. But
  whoever thinks there is no nightlife in the village is mistaken. The bars have some
  lighting, a result of solar power plates and even count with some intimate small
  concerts.


  What about sea wolves and sea lions? These are experts on hypnosis. You can spend
  hours looking at them, watching their movements. Perhaps the information that most
  likely to convey a negative image is the lack of sanitation, but it didn''t shake
  my good impression of the place. At the lodging there are environmental awareness
  notices in various parts of the house. "Water is over," says one of the alerts.
  There is an adapted shower in a bucket that must be filled by the guest before to
  take bath. For lukewarm bath, simply heat the water in the fire place strategically
  positioned next to the bathtub with a kettle. To adapt to this routine, honestly,
  it was easy in the face of so much nature, history, good conversation, food and,
  of course, a flashlight.'
