Title: Stories worth rewriting
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/stories-worth-rewriting
SetInCountry: Myanmar
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jolyn Tan
AuthorCountry: Singapore
Text: 'Old buildings, filled streets.

  I am one of those explorers, threading into the unknown, looking for a beauty that
  captivates me, that will turns me into a story teller. I often read about the city
  of Yangon, Myanmar in the news and all the bad things happening in it. This city
  has more gold than water, but what was the most captivating about it was the heart
  of gold that this people had.

  Each encounter brought a new story. Sitting by a road side store with the locals,
  immersed in a conversation with simple English, we shared a good laugh. This is
  when you learn the stories of each individual, where you find the extraordinary
  in between the ordinary.

  This is when you realize that despite their hard lives of living under the communist
  rule for a long time, they were receptive to a new life. A 70 year old man who said
  how this experiences he has gone through, and witnessing his country enter into
  a new place will be a story to tell his grandchildren. He added on that all the
  sowing in the past years was to build a better future for his grandchildren.

  People were smiling, and getting on with their busy lives. At that corner of the
  little street, you see people sharing a good laugh at times. When a visitor like
  me, who got lost in the country, the people were always ready to help send me in
  the right direction. At every lost turn, this city has something new to offer.

  I went to the boxing ring to have a look, to learn the muay thai from the people.
  They are the big friendly giants that people refer too. Each one off them carry
  a dream to be on the boxing ring and one day play for their countries. Some times,
  I stand there in awe and dumbfounded by the beauty I see.

  Each person carry a story, and I am excited to play just a small part of their lives,
  whether it is a passer by or the little interactions that we have. Each of their
  lives tell of a story that I begin rewrite. Broken was what the world said, corrupted,
  war torn, but in this, I found stories worth rewriting.'
