Title: Stranded in the Airport 1990&#39;s BC
DateModified: '2019-02-08'
DatePublished: '2019-02-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/stranded-in-the-airport-1990-s-bc
SetInCountry: Dominican Republic
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: JANETTE RODRIGUEZ
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I grew up in Brooklyn and never journeyed past my invisible grid which consisted
  of Brooklyn and Manhattan and for travel I usually went to "Little Brooklyn aka
  Baitoa" which is a town in the Dominican Republic where several generations of my
  family settled after migrating from Spain and Portugal.   In my younger years, I
  never really worried about the details like I do now that I have a family.  I never
  thought of how I was going to get from point A to point B and the things that might
  happen along the way and how that would change my future.   In the 90's BC (Before
  my Cellphone) my paternal grandfather was ill so I rushed to be by his side and
  in the process got stuck in the airport.  These are the series of events that unfolded
  (cue the Law & Order theme song).  I had taken this same trip so many times before
  and even though this was a sad occasion, I was excited to feel the heat of the Caribbean
  on my skin and To hear the Guira and Tambora playing Merengue Tipico.  To hear the
  people screaming in delight once they caught a glimpse of their loved ones coming
  off of the plane and onto the open tamarack.   However, here's the thing, none of
  that happened.  I didn't realize in my rush to get from JFK to the Dominican Republic
  that I was on the very last flight, and once I got there it would be pitch dark
  outside and the only sound y I would hear where not of screaming relatives but the
  crickets.  So here I am in an airport, alone because of some miscommunication with
  my beautiful grandmother who lived more than two hours away and had already gone
  back home thinking I wasn't coming.  So I found a pay phone and made a collect call
  to my mother who was furious because she didn't think my rushed travel itinerary
  was a good idea. You see as a parent she understood all of the variables of a young
  barely 20-year-old traveling alone at night entailed.   As I spoke to my mother
  a policeman saw my distress and came over to me and offered help, he got on the
  phone with my mom and assured her that he would get me safely to a hotel and would
  phone her back to give her the details in order for me to be picked up in the morning.  I
  was relieved; this police officer would take me in his car, and I will finally put
  this night behind me and see my family in the morning.   We started to walk into
  the night, and I ask "where's your car"?  He looked at me and said I don't have
  a car we have to hitch a ride from here.  I was dumbfounded, I thought for sure
  he had a police car, so we walked in the total darkness to the nearest road which
  was NOT close!  Me in my platforms and tank dress, sweating profusely dragging my
  luggage down a dirt road, it was not pretty.  We finally flagged down two guys in
  a sedan, that turned out to be drunk and then some.  They agreed to drop us off
  at a well-known tourist resort nearby, but they had to make a stop along the way.  When
  we got to the resort the police officer wanted to set up shop in my room for the
  night, and after some quick action on my part I was able to get him out of my room,
  and I proceeded to sleep on the floor in my locked bathroom until the morning.  In
  the morning I heard a knock at my door and saw my grandmother's gorgeous face, I
  explained my ordeal to her as we drove home.   Things thankfully turned out okay
  for me, and I got to spend a couple of days with my grandfather before he passed.  As
  for the police officer, when my grandmother saw him at the airport, she ripped him
  a new one for trying to take advantage of me.  Moral of the story, research, stay
  safe and have a backup plan before time; especially if you have aging relatives
  in a foreign country.
