Title: '&quot;Stranded in The Land of Maharashtra&quot;'
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/stranded-in-the-land-of-maharashtra
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Mochamad Alvin Dwiana Qobulsyah
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'So here I am now, stuck in an unauthorized rental van in a road less traveled
  between Mumbai and Pune in Maharashtra India. The needle in my watch showed that
  it''s almost midnight at 11.30 PM. The Indian gentleman who is sitting beside me
  already give me his card name for any kind of emergency during my trip in his country.
  He saw my pale and shocked face when the van was speeding up and zigzagging through
  the asphalt. The Indian gentleman (who later I knew working as a gold dealer in
  Dubai) familiarized very well that I''m in the middle of so-called "India Shocks".


  It''s started from my own foolishness on writing AM rather than PM to my conference
  liaison on picking me up at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport. In Indonesia,
  we are not using that post and ante meridian time for time initialization. Then
  that is how I ended up in that Van that is still speeding up, eating 250 kilometers
  distances in just only 3 hours drive between Mumbai and Pune. I don''t have any
  option better than this shuttle car to reach the Panchgani Hill Station for my conference
  in the morning. And what the Indian gentleman cautioned finally occurred to happen.
  I was dropped off in the Pune suburbia called Satar, still 100 kilometers to Pune
  and still far-reaching to Panchgani.


  And the situation is getting complicated, almost all of the signage in Satar was
  not written in the Latin alphabet. It is also not written in Hindi, it is in Marathi.
  I just was woken up that India is true about its complexity. Eric Weiner who wrote
  "The Geography of Bliss" dubbed this sub-continent as a Land of Perfect Complexity
  and Contradiction. Marathi is the local language of the Maharashtra State, and another
  dozen of India''s states are also having their own local language. In Satar, local
  kids are swarming me curious about my long carrier backpack and my alien face. They
  are also heckled me asking for money for Laks Rupees, later I know Laks is Million
  in Indian currency.


  Communication is difficult. At that time in 2012, Pocket Wifi is not popular and
  Local SIM Card dealer cannot sell his card due to my Indonesian passport. Again
  my option is limited and the time constraint to reach my destination finally pushed
  me to take a random bus that I believe will deliver me to Panchgani. The bus is
  full house inside since it was six ''o clock in the morning. There are no empty
  seats, then I need to stand upright with my carrier. The poultries are everywhere,
  also vegetables and other daily goods. In the beginning, I feel that society are
  still underdeveloped but that presumption has broken when the bus ticket checker
  came. In rural India, we can pay the bus fare with a debit card. The cashless society
  is already in reality in India even in 2012, five years ahead from my country Indonesia.


  When we reach the mid-journey (which is I''m still not sure it is heading to Panchgani
  or not) the passengers are slowly dropped off and finally, I got a seat. Sitting
  beside me is a man with a full white gown with a white cap. I thought it was a Hindu
  common daily attire, then suddenly he said "Assalamu''alaikum" when I try to say
  that I''m coming from Indonesia. It was a strange warmth struck my nerves when I
  met one of Moslem in Hindu majority countries. With a common Tarzan language we''re
  trying to communicate, and it was going along and he gave me a prayer beads as a
  souvenir for our Moslem brotherhood. The Moslem old man also finally tell me when
  to stop to continue to Panchgani. I already missed the conference since I stranded
  hundreds of kilometers but I just don''t mind. The journey already taught me things
  about India complexity, the same theme discussed in the conference.'
