Title: Stranger Things
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/stranger-things-2
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: So Jeong Bae
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: It was my greatest pleasure to meet you. I for sure don't know when will be
  our next time but till then bon voyage my friend. We knew that we will probably
  never see each other again but we didn't say that out loud or make a big fuzz about
  it. After all if we were meant to reunite that is what it is and if not, we'll just
  wish for each other's luck and peace in our lives. After a short hug he got off
  the train and I opened the door of my room. There was a German couple who greeted
  me with a big smile and kindness. We had a small chat and I fell asleep after a
  while. When I woke up outside world was pitch black. Raindrops were falling hard
  and my room was empty. It seemed bit loud outside but I thought it's just one of
  those stops. Few minutes later the German couple came back in bit tipsy and told
  me the train has stopped due to the storm. People were outside of train drinking
  beers waiting for the rain to stop. They offered me to join them but I was already
  tired so I chose to sleep more. The next time I woke up the couple were back and
  sky seemed to be cleared but the train was still sitting there. I walked around
  the hallways to see how the other people are doing and surprisingly everyone was
  so peaceful. Although their plans have been delayed for a day not a single person
  seemed to be angry or frustrated. They were all living in the moment. I came back
  to my room when the announcement was being made. The train company was providing
  taxi voucher for the passengers so that they can go to any nearby station to continue
  their journey. Current train was not going to make any soon since the roads were
  closed. It was something I totally have not expected but I was able to remain calm
  cause the german couple who were there the whole day with me looked in to my eyes
  and showed me the best kindness ever. Hey Alice, don't worry. I know we just met
  and this whole thing is unexpected but we are going to make sure you get to Copenhagen
  as you wanted. We will help you to get there. Don't worry you are not alone. Let's
  do this together. That piece of heartwarming sweetness from the strangers who were
  not any longer stranger for me was more than enough for me to stand up and move
  on. Outside of the train was chaotic. Everyone tried to get a voucher and a call
  a cab. People started to ask each other where they are headed to and teamed up with
  similar destinations. Me and the kind couple found another dutch guy who was headed
  to Copenhagen just like me, and a britz girl who was headed to Hamburg. We got a
  big van and all five of us went to the nearest train station, which I up until now
  still do not remember the name.
