Title: Stroll through Kochi Muziris Biennale
DateModified: '2019-02-24'
DatePublished: '2019-02-24'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/stroll-through-kochi-muziris-biennale
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Aadya  Baoni
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The backwaters of Kerala, coupled with a frothing cup of filter coffee greeting
  you with its pungent yet comforting aroma lulled the broken heart into sleeping
  well. A heavy curtain of humidity hangs over the city threatening to drench an individual
  without any discrimination. The streets are flooded with intellectuals armed with
  their little red books( Communist Manifesto). And a pleasant smile that permanently
  seemed to be painted on their faces.


  As one treads foot into Fort Kochi and the adjacent streets of Mattancherry,  there
  exists the artists fiery palette of ochre and red. Every object that a a brush could
  touch its tip on , is covered with bold strokes. From walls to tyres of cars.  This
  is largely owing to Kochi Muziris Biennale  spread over multiple venues. You will
  be charged a humble fee of Rs 100 that allows you to explore the festival for 3
  says. However, Aspinwall house acts as the primary collection of the installations
  and art pieces. One is flooded with all forms of creativity being served to you
  on a platter to feast your eyes on.  But you must keep a respectful distance from
  these works of art irrespective of how tempted you may be to touch them. The ideology
  of  Freedom of expression is seen to be personified by various artistic practices
  displayed.


  After three hours of religiously consuming art I found myself strolling through
  the streets of Kochi, responding to my gastric juices begging for food. I stumbled
  into ''Kashi Art Cafe''  which too had a collaboration with the Biennale and had
  massive displays of art. Going into the depths of the cafe I found myself cocooned
  in a welcoming environment with nooks and crannies.  The food does justice to the
  amount of money charged for it.


  The venues of the Biennale  enhanced the art installations and art works to create
  a holistic experience. This extended through the streets of Mattancherry.


  The rustic streets interspersed with huge wooden structures displaying the students
  art biennale. Multiple hues of colour remained a constant treat for the eye. Antiquities
  and Kerala Folk Art was sold generously throughout.   The Paradesi Synagogue and
  its stained glass windows simply adds to the experience.


  I walked away from my art excursion with a sense of fulfilment.


  A sense of brotherhood resides in the crevices of Kochi. ''Chetta'' or brother and
  ''Chechi'' or sister is all one could possibly need to win over and communicate
  in Malayalam effectively.'
