Title: 'Stuck in the Peruvian Jungle '
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/stuck-in-the-peruvian-jungle
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Alexa  Thompson
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: Sitting in a bus the banana trees are wizzing by slapping their branches against
  the early morning dew coating the passenger van. The bus hits a divet in the side
  of the road that shears off into a 1000ft cliff. The beads of sweat start forming
  on your brow and you try to hide if rom tho others pretending that its the foreign
  moisture in the jungle air. With every lurch of the vehicle you can feel your stomach
  flipping taunting to release its toxic contents. Every time you feel the van jolt
  you don't know whats worse, plummeting to your death or relenting to you sickness.
  In the mesh seat pocket in front of you, you can see a plastic material sticking
  out and provoking you. You try not to look at the plastic but the cliff is only
  making things worse so you continue to stare at the sheen of fluorescent plastic.
  The yellow flesh of the bag is squeezing out of the mesh like a stripper that bought
  the wrong size of fishnets. Finally grabbing the bag you have to wrench it from
  the grasps of the mesh. The motion of doing so almost sends you to the floor in
  pain, but you have to keep it together, they can't know. You dig your fingernails
  into the plastic hoping that if you inflict more pain in it, you will feel less.
  In an act of desperation you fling the bag open just in the for you to empty your
  stomach into it. You manage to throw it out of the window to get rid of the rancid
  smell. This continues to go on for a couple hours until you reach the peak where
  your climb will commence. As the bus brakes the halting motion causes you to lurch
  forward projecting the last bit of bile you have left. Your vision starts to spot,
  you see less and less with the increased ringing in your ears until eventually,
  nothing.
