Title: Suddenly made it
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/suddenly-made-it
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: "Mar\xEDa Jes\xFAs Achondo Jarpa"
AuthorCountry: Chile
Text: Though I am very grateful for the things I've lived, I have to admit my whole
  life I've been a total looser. I've failed in absolutely every single thing I've
  done in my almost thirty years on earth. I learn to del with that fact assuming
  I'm the vital balancing force that helps other people achieve their goals, so I
  am also an important part of the evolution of humanity. My great success is that,
  due to some bad decisions,  I am absolutely free and owner of my time. So one day,
  I took everything I had and bought a ticket to Spain. Perhaps thanks to the change
  of hemisphere something must have change the mood of my astral chart or something
  like that cause the orientation of my living experience turned into a new dimension.
  On my third day in Barcelona, I was walking on the beach when I run into an old
  friend I hadn't seen in ten years so we went for some tapas to catch up. Then, we
  had enough sangria to decide to enter into a karaoke to continue the evening and
  the mix of being in another country and the wine made me be a complete shameless
  show woman on that little stage. Luckily, coincidentally, scary, supernaturally,
  this old friend of mine was now dedicated to the music industry and between drinks
  and songs he offered me to record something. The next day I called him to refresh
  his memory and he told me to come over. We started playing with sounds as if we
  where two little kids and I started singing some chilean poems I knew well. A week
  later I was recording my own music album and later , with another friend, we where
  already making some videoclips. A month after I arrived Spain I was already a pop
  star and invited to share stage with my idols in a festival. I just couldn't believe
  it. As if life where a joke, another old friend wrote me after reading my name and
  we got together for more tapas, more sangria, more catch ups. He told me he was
  working as a literature editor and I told him about my rejected novel I wrote back
  in Chile, he asked me to read it, I send it and three months after I arrived Spain
  I was publishing my first novel!!! Those where some huge few months in my life,
  I felt like Forrest Gump, finally I could go back home and show my family I wasn't
  a failure anymore. Then I kept on traveling, kept on finding new lucks and new parts
  of me in every single new place I stepped into. Finally, there's no time to stop,
  no time to start, just embracing what I am I could enjoy that no plan is always
  the best plan.
