Title: Surabaya Sparkling
DateModified: '2019-02-21'
DatePublished: '2019-02-21'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/surabaya-sparkling
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ardiansyah Bagus Suryanto
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Colorful flowers bloom on the corner. The shade of the trees waved in a silent
  rhythm. Green red yellow alternately responds at a crossroads, producing beautiful
  tones of traffic. Various kinds of vehicles overtake each other, become the fastest
  to the destination. The police were not tired of maintaining road security. We can
  find various human expressions here. Customs and regional culture still survive
  in the swift current of modernity.

  Rows of skyscrapers always adorn the city ceiling. From modern to classic buildings
  we can find scattered in this city. Although Surabaya''s modernity is not in doubt,
  but the city government still maintains historic classical buildings. The government
  and the private sector formed mutual relations in building Surabaya into a city
  of humanists.

  In Surabaya, visitors can enjoy shopping tourism. Various types of needs can be
  found in grand malls in the middle of the city or traditional markets in the suburbs.
  Not to mention the crowds that were deliberately held by the government and private
  sectors such as car free days and various types of exhibitions. Besides that, we
  can also find natural tourism here, such as mangrove forest or Kenjeran ria beach.

  It is incomplete when visiting Surabaya does not visit this city icon. Museum November
  10, located in the Tugu Pahlawan complex as a city icon of Surabaya. When we enter
  it, it seems as if we are entering the aisle of time that brings us back to the
  time of struggle. Give an impression of nationality for anyone who visits it.

  It is undeniable that Surabaya has been known and famous throughout the universe.
  An amazing city layout makes this city interesting to explore. City of one thousand
  flowers as another name for Surabaya. In every corner of the city, we can find gardens
  with a fascinating diversity of flowers. Suitable for anyone who likes flowers or
  just looking for silence and peace of mind when bored with the crowds of Surabaya.

  When the sun begins to cover with clouds, mega red reveals its pride. Collaborate
  with sparkling lights from skyscrapers and highlight the lights of vehicles that
  blend into the beauty of the night. Nightly Surabaya is increasingly crowded with
  cultural displays in the Cak Durasim building or at the Balai Pemuda complex, a
  place to explore the skills and performances of regional cultural customs. Children
  and parents gather together to practice or just watch the show. Along the road are
  also scattered peddlers typical of Surabaya, rice cake racing, fried fried rice,
  until processed clover. We can enjoy Surabaya cuisine by feeling the romanticism
  of this city night. And also you can get Surabaya knick-knacks at Cak Cuk Surabaya.'
