Title: 'Surprise cliff jump into the Adriatic '
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/surprise-cliff-jump-into-the-adriatic
SetInCountry: Croatia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Alysson Hartmann
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: '"You guys wanna jump off some cliffs?" asked our boat captain. I say boat but
  reallistically it was pretty much a tiny speed raft capable of holding the 5 of
  us, barely! We looked at each other, then back at him and his all-of -18 year old
  confidence. The Croatian sun beat hot on our shoulders as we salivated at the thought
  of venturing out and exploringthe tinyislands and aquatic national parks near the
  small ancient town of Zadar. "YES!!!"


  As we puttered put past the harbor we could see the bell tower looming over the
  city. We sped past salutation to the sun oceanic organ and in and around many little
  islands until finally our captain pulled up next to a giant rock and killed the
  engine. This was it! With our encouragement he agreed to show us exactly what to
  do so we watched his lithe frame scramble expertly up the shallow side of the rock
  until he reached a 20 foot high perch looming up over the water. Then...he jumped.
  Well that didnt look so hard! But now it was our turn. The fpur of us (my husband,
  and our friends nancy and Jeremy) climbed very slowly up and up as I regrettes not
  purchasing travelers insurance with every step! "The quickest way down now is just
  to keep going," I convinced myself. And with my determination to get it over with
  , i managed to beat the other three out to the edge of the cliff. I looked out at
  the gorgeous blue adriatic ocean , which has a shade of blue that ive never seen
  before or since, took a deep breath, and jumped! I did it! I quickly surfaced and
  swam to ths waiting speedboat marinating in a feeling of badassery and accomplishment.
  The other 3 took considerably longer to convince themselves to jump and my husband
  was the last in the water (although in his defense he is 6 foot 8 inches so much
  higher from the water than the rest of us!)

  The memory of that day is one that never fails to make me smile with delight. Whenever
  i want a dose of happy I just picture myself on our boat, "Sex on the Beach," (YES,
  really!), the wind of the Adriatic in my hair, with some of my favorite people,
  knowing that I have just made a memory that will make me proud for the rest of my
  life.


  This summer I take my son to Croatia to experience some of thw magic I discovered
  a few years ago on my first trip. It will be his 18th birthday and graduation present.
  And I cant wait to see what amazing adventures await us!'
