Title: Surreal Experiences
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/surreal-experiences
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: FRANCIS FERNANDA  DE OLIVEIRA NEIVA
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: When my husband and I decided to go to Mexico, specifically Cancun, we imagined
  that we would find just beautiful beaches with white sands and crystalline waters,
  as we saw in the photos. Obviously with the current technology we researched hotels,
  tourist sites and beaches that we could find. However, when we were about to land
  we saw an indescribable scene, almost fluorescent water, as in the movie Avatar,
  and the surprises did not stop appearing, day after day of permanence in that place
  that mixed past and present in each part where we passed. Besides, the very busy
  nightlife, there is the daytime life, with the tranquility that we were looking
  for, and scenes of rare beauty that will remain etched in our minds as long as we
  live. We leave the urban area, where there is the network of hotels that compete
  for luxury with exuberant architecture and we arrive at the X Caret, a theme park
  that is located in Playa del Carmen, Riviera Maya, on the Caribbean coast, amid
  ruins of the old Mayan civilization. During the tour we had contact with the nature
  and culture of the Mayan people, wonderful animals such as flamingos, beautiful
  macaws, and the quiet iguanas that walked among tourists. The plants well cared
  for, the park so clean however there were so many people. We enter the river where
  we can take a swim, we witnessed the swimming with the sharks, where tourists can
  pet them under the guidance of the instructors. Next we watched the artistic presentation
  that emphasized the traditions, where four men are hung in ropes tied at their feet.
  One of the most interesting and intriguing sites for us is the cemetery which is
  full of small colorful chapels. For the Mexicans, the "Day of the Dead" is one of
  their main festivals. Arriving at the beach of X Caret, its crystal clear waters,
  are so calm, unlike the open sea that is very hectic, that we can enjoy to relax
  in the buoys that were offered. Then we went to meet the aquarium with its many
  species of fish and other marine animals such as jellyfish and stingrays. When we
  get to the underground river you can dive though, there are parts that this is under
  dark caves populated by bats. There are restaurants with typical foods and also
  more varied gastronomy. There are also two chapels in the park, one of them is on
  the top and has an altar overlooking the sea. In the middle of the park there is
  a gigantic revolving tower from which one has a lush panoramic view. A final spectacle
  already at the beginning of the night representing old cultures of the country is
  realized in a huge arena that has an old rustic architecture mixed with the modernity
  of the technology of the illumination.
