Title: Survivors of Pompeii
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/survivors-of-pompeii
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: "Leda Guimar\xE3es"
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'When I took the first steps at the archaeological site of Pompeii, I felt my
  whole body shiver. Through these huge iron gates, I entered an intense, life-filled
  society from the year 79. The children ran free through the cobbled streets, the
  girls, among the alleys, exhibited themselves to the adventurers who wanted fun,
  the students analyzed the perfect water pipes that filled the whole city, and the
  smell of freshly baked bread perfumed the air.


  It seemed to be a normal day of the lively city, as my Italian ancestors had already
  described. On the horizon, however, something seemed to bother. Vesuvius awakened
  from a deep sleep and, uneasily, began to throw giant clouds of smoke and stones.


  The temperature heated abruptly. People deviated their bodies from the stones that
  came from the air and, fast as possible, screamed, fell and some did not get up
  from the ground anymore. All of them were there, behind my eyes, desperate, dehydrated,
  and suffocated by the hot and toxic air. I closed my eyes for a time to not face
  the event in its harsh form, but did not work. The ashes of the volcano had already
  covered the bodies to perpetuate the story in the books and in my heart.


  I dry swallowed, but with courage I walked through what remained of the houses.
  I watched the fine art on the walls and realized for a moment that it was all a
  daydream. Pompeii, more than ever, was alive. Petrified to its form, but alive.
  Like me, more than two million visitors pass by every year. The inhabitants living
  in the vicinity of the archaeological site, descendants of other Italians, with
  love, passed on their knowledge and teleportation all to the charms of the past.


  Certainly, my grandparents would be proud of my trip to Pompeii and my interest
  in our cultural roots, if they were alive.

  At the end of the day, I crossed the same iron gates, with the certainty that Pompey
  remained the same for centuries. I know Vesuvius can still wake up, but in me he
  never slept.


  At the end of the day, at the hotel, I opened my notebook and did an immense check
  in on the Pompeii line. What looked like a win for my little notebook, in fact,
  was the beginning of a mission for me. I was a survivor of Pompeii in my dreams
  and I know I had the same impressive story to pass to the next descendants and members
  of my family.'
