Title: Taken (Home) in Rio
DateModified: '2019-02-06'
DatePublished: '2019-02-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/taken-home-in-rio
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Elizabeth Wittenberg
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The bag carrying my uniform for the next three weeks of volunteering at the
  Rio de Janeiro 2016 Olympics was surprisingly heavy - or maybe I was just feeling
  weak from an overnight layover and not having eaten anything since the ham-flavored
  crackers that the airline gave me shortly before landing. I had been counting on
  the uniform pickup station to have wifi so I could call myself an Uber back to my
  Airbnb on the opposite side of the city, but no such luck. Taxis were twice as expensive
  as I expected them to be, so I didn't have quite enough cash. Night was quickly
  descending and store fronts around the School of Samba were locking their metal
  grates. I wandered into what looked like a bus station, hoping to be able to make
  sense of the signage and find my way back without having to talk to anyone. When
  a station attendant approached me to try and help, speaking quickly in a Carioca
  accent that was far different from the American-tinged way the fellow members of
  my college Portuguese class spoke, I panicked. The tears falling from my eyes were
  fueled by tiredness, hunger, fear, and frustration, and the man quickly turned me
  over to a group of women. Helpless, I followed them up a long stairway. At the top
  I learned that I had been in a Teleferico, or cable car, station, not a bus station.
  Watching the lights of the city at night pass below me dried my eyes and I felt
  ready to hop on whatever next mode of public transportation that could finally take
  me back to my Airbnb. The cable car docked at a train station and the three women
  handed me off to an information booth. Through rough translations and attempts to
  remember words I'd learned in class, I was communicated where I was going and a
  woman who'd been standing at the station grabbed me by the arm to take me on her
  train. It seemed like there was a train that I'd have to take to a bus, and then
  a walk to get back. About midway through the train ride (at this point everyone
  in our car knew my story - I was a lost American, in town for the Olympics, staying
  in Barra de Tijuaca near the stadium), Debora, the woman helping me, decided that
  I was to come home with her - it was too late and not safe. And so, I was benevolently
  kidnapped. On the walk from the train station to Debora's apartment, she handed
  me a toasted ham and cheese sandwich, which I devoured immediately. Upon arriving
  at the apartment, I met her twelve-year-old son and her retired mother. I spoke
  on the phone with a friend of the family's who spoke English, which helped us all
  better understand what was going on. They gave me a fresh bar of soap and a night
  gown and clothes for the next day and a mug with the Virgin Mary's face on it. I
  slept soundly and the next day Margareth, Debora's mother, took the long train to
  bus to second bus ride with me back to where I was staying, after bringing me to
  the beautiful church near their house and climbing hundreds of steps to see a stunning
  view of Rio from above. Throughout the rest of my time in Rio, I saw them a few
  more times. I bought the family tickets to see Olympic handball and I stayed at
  their house the night before I flew back to the United States. Though I don't know
  when I'll return to Rio, we still keep in touch, mostly through Facebook posts and
  especially around the holidays. I'm remarkably grateful for this unexpected adoptive
  family.
