Title: Take it light!
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/take-it-light
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Kusumika Ghosh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Did anybody tell you that packing is an art? Your life can be infinitely easier
  if you learn it well. Take it from me, I have lived the last seven months of my
  life packing, unpacking, washing what was packed and packing them again! What I
  did not include in that sentence is what I did in the middle of that whirlwind.
  I''m a 23 year old social researcher, trying to utilize my training in working in
  societies that survive conflict. I am writing a book and getting paid for it (which
  is peanuts, just to be clear), but I get to travel across four states in Northeast
  India, work with all kinds of people and stay (mostly with local hosts, occasionally
  in hotels) at the expense of my office! The thing about being from mainland India
  and travelling in the Northeast is that it almost feels like a different country;
  and NOBODY prepares you for the roads and the number of check-posts.

  I work with people whose language I do not speak and who I look nothing like. When
  these people come to my part of the country, they are rarely treated with basic
  respect, let alone cordiality. Every day of my journey, I have realized that the
  misbehaviour is mostly a one way road, coming largely from where I come from. On
  that eventful day, I was travelling alone with a 12 KG rucksack (I had to survive
  varying temperatures for two weeks) and a laptop bag with my neck pillow lassoed
  around. I had to descend from the hilly district headquarters of Mokokchung in Nagaland
  to the capital city of Imphal in Manipur. It is considered unusual to undertake
  this journey in a day since it takes at least 12 hours (without delay) and a change
  of transport, but I had someone waiting for me in Imphal. 6 AM in the morning, it
  was drizzling and awfully cold. I had climbed a hill to reach the taxi stand; the
  town of Mokokchung has numerous staircases carved in its mountains, letting its
  people bypass longer routes and fuel expenses by climbing the heights and crossing
  over to the other side. I come from a lovely metropolitan city with ample air pollution,
  so I will not explain how smooth this rock-climbing business was for me. When I
  finally got on the taxi and tied my bag to the carrier on the roof, I thought I
  was done! In hindsight, I can now tell you exactly how far I was from being done.
  I reached the state capital of Kohima around 12:30 PM, worried sick about missing
  my connecting ride to Imphal. My ride showed no such anxiety and arrived five hours
  after its scheduled time. It was pouring cats and dogs the entire time, and remember
  what I said about packing? That 12 KG on my back was heavier than all the regrets
  of my life combined. The unnecessary pants and shoes carried for fashion were my
  personal albatrosses. Finally, when I finally boarded my ride to Imphal, I thought
  I was done. Once again, the greater force did not think so. It normally takes around
  three hours to reach the destination, which I covered in seven. We were stopped
  by underground militia, a fused headlight, the army and the traffic guards. There
  was a girl of my age in the cab, and we watched each other''s back when we took
  pee stops. I showed her how to use a pee cup, and she showed me how to flare a shawl
  to cover you waist-down while you squat in public. To my surprise, the shawl did
  not get wet either! We also shared my neck pillow and a shawl to fight the pricking
  cold of midnight. At 1 AM, when I finally reached my destination, she asked me if
  I wanted to crash at her place for the night instead. For the first time in my life,
  in one of the longest days of my life, I was not molested/sexually harassed/even
  made uncomfortable in a way I''ve grown accustomed to. In fact, I made a handful
  of friends and learned the hard way that packing, is indeed an art.'
