Title: Tchai, pastries and chat in a veiled Iranian night
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tchai-pastries-and-chat-in-a-veiled-iranian-night
SetInCountry: Iran
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Michela Catenazzi
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Have you ever been catapulted by an unusual arena full o  screaming men to
  sit on soft and colorful carpets tasting the excellent Tchai, all in less than 30
  ''clock?

  I did, and the magic was great, almost as much as the amazement to see on my skin
  how true it was the statement that "one of the treasures of Iran is its inhabitants".

  Left with ours heads torn between doubts about the security of a particular country
  and the heart full of curiosity about the history of ancient Persia, after a first
  impact with the chaotic Tehran, its traffic and the doubt "charm", we continue "rolling
  south" and places much more worthy of attention.

  Final destination trip will be the Dash e Kalut desert,while  the first destination
  - a few hours by bus passing through desert areas and oases  - is Kashan.

  It''s quite difficult to imagine the beauty that lies behind this city arriving
  by bus, but once a witty taxi driver "download us" in front of one of the many historic
  houses restored in the historic center, the glance is crazy.

  Can your eyes imagine the vision of sand castles, forts, and representations of
  the nativity?

  Well, Kashan is this: is an opening of doors and courtyards on traditional houses
  scattered like shells on the beach, is a rise of wind towers, domes decorated with
  glazes in blinding colors, terraces where you can enjoy pomegranate and violets
  juices freshly prepared.

  We leave the historical center - not without a bit of effort in the orientation
  by Farsi - and  suddendly we''re wrapped by so many people to understand we''re
  exactly into the soul of the city: the bazaar!

  Probably we all have seen so many bazaarss, but that one of Kashan is very special:
  today again we perceive the commercial importance it could have at the time of the
  caravans  were preparing to cross the Kavir.

  In a second the "shopping spirit" takes possession of us: and then "green light"
  to wear caftans, silk and linen shirts, bouncing from one stand to another like
  a pinball machine, totally lost in the glitter of jewels and recalled to order from
  the scent of turmeric, saffron and cinnamon that  decidedly penetrates into ours
  nostrils.

  A dance in and out of the burrows of the bazaar, suddenly stops thanks to a music
  accompanied by inciting shouts that come from an undefined place ... we look out
  and the vision in front us is simply spectacular: hunky men of all the ages dance
  and spin heavy tools following the rhythm of music marked by a "special conductor"
  in a sort of capoeira.

  My "being a woman" is not limiting me to watch the show, so we take a seat enjoying
  the Varzesh, the typical Iranian dance.

  From now on everything that happens is magic: going out to get some air, and being
  suddenly surrounded by a group of various ages women, curious as ever to know everything
  about me, about us... big, dark and penetrating eyes in which we read the thirst
  to know what happens "beyond that bubble" that is life in Iran.

  We are two now, surrounded by the warmth and enthusiasm of an Iranian family,  and
  from there the pace to get in the car with them is short: "we will be honored to
  have you as guests in our house".

  The effect of these words in my heart resounds like a tuning fork, and in a few
  minutes we find ourselves sitting in the car with a large family nucleus (seven,
  eight, who knows!) who open the doors of the house, makes us sit on colorful carpets
  offering pastries, Tchai and fruit to discuss topics ranging from politics to the
  depilation of western women, obviously maintaining the separation between the male
  and female groups.

  The hours flow between chatter, laughter and video of greetings for the respective
  countries, and I think how true it is that "the whole world is country" and the
  beauty of being able to still trust strangers: I never thought would happen in a
  country towards that I was playing with diffidence.

  The hospitality and the heart of the Iranians are a surprise, let yourself be amazed!'
