Title: Tending the Grass
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tending-the-grass
SetInCountry: Vietnam
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kenny Nguyen
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: As I got older, I was constantly pushed to visit the home country where my parents
  grew up and our background. When I finally traveled to Vietnam in 2018, it wasn't
  the cultural experience I was looking for. I came to witness the transformation
  of how Vietnam is trending as a popular tourist destination. The country and its
  people have used the opportunity to create more jobs and income. Upon arriving in
  Saigon, my first stop was to try the local food right off the street. The shop owner
  was shocked to hear me order in Vietnamese but instantly caught my dialect was not
  of a true native. She then began asking me about my purpose of my visit and where
  my parents were originally from. The shop owner was surprised to see how fluent
  I am with my Vietnamese and emphasized the significance of carrying our culture
  and learning our roots. As I wandered the streets of Hanoi, I came across railroad
  tracks that went through the neighborhood. I followed them to explore and found
  a newly opened cafe. I ordered a traditional Vietnamese iced coffee and gazed on
  the wall where travelers wrote their home country. I was astonished to see how much
  of the wall had been covered by so many different places. The owner was young in
  his late 20's and I asked how long he had his establishment open. Surprisingly he
  had only been open for four months and asked for my feedback about the coffee and
  cafe. The young man understood how important technology can be a vital key in a
  successful business. He urged me to leave a review about his cafe on TripAdvisor
  and wanted to practice more conversations in English to improve his speech. When
  I asked how he learned, he informed me listening to popular American songs throughout
  the day and singing along helped. He talked about his dream about one day going
  to America to go to school. I explained how being successful in the states takes
  more than just hard work and even after university, opportunities may not always
  present itself. But I understood quickly this image of he painted about the glamorous
  life locals talk about life in the states. I thanked him for the coffee and wished
  him well on the progression of his business. My last stop in Vietnam was the place
  I was most eager to visit, Ha Long Bay. My tour guide and I instantly bonded. I
  assumed he was close to my age, but Chi was actually in his mid thirties and spoke
  great English. He and I shared similarities in the hospitality background and was
  very interested in pursuing a similar degree. When I asked what is stopping him,
  he told me he had been working as tour guide for so long to provide for his siblings
  so they may have better opportunities. After the tour, I assured Chi how wonderful
  of a job he is doing and that I think with his skill set and personality, he will
  accomplish much more in the current field he is in. Exchanging stories and sharing
  experiences with locals really opened my eyes about how much people envy our opportunity
  at home. They all work tirelessly like us in hopes of a better life. What they may
  not know is there are some Vietnamese Americans that prefer a simpler lifestyle
  away from the pressures of being successful in school, a steady job, or making our
  parents proud. I witness in Vietnam one's happiness or contentment relies less on
  materialism and consumerism.
