Title: ' Teyuna: discovering the lost city.'
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/teyuna-discovering-the-lost-city
SetInCountry: Colombia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: JUAN DAVID LATORRE ALARCON
AuthorCountry: Colombia
Text: Expectant to the unknown and excited by the adventure that would be next to
  start, contemplating the sunrise in Taganga, Magdalena in the extreme north of Colombia;
  we start the journey of six days and five nights of walking, rivers, hanging bridges,
  camps and getting deeper into our roots with the indigenous people of the region
  and sharing with people from different countries. Together with my best friend and
  his father, the only Colombians on the journey, we enter the jungle to experience
  unique experiences and to keep amazing memories in mind. Sharing with other people
  from different cultures and seeing their excitement to know how wonderful our country
  is is unparalleled. Sharing with our tribes the history of the Tayronas, their dedication
  to nature and the paradise that we were discovering little by little were worth
  every effort and drop of sweat. Horseshoe roads, crossing rivers and hanging bridges
  was the daily adventure that was rewarded with a new place every day and a reward
  for a good juice of passion fruit. At last the day had come to take the road and
  climb the 1200 steps to reach the Lost City "Teyuna" territory of the Tayronas many
  years ago. Very early we were breakfast, expectant reviewing that we needed nothing
  for this day, good clothing to face the adversity of the weather, camera fully loaded
  to capture and save those images that to date are still present in my memory, after
  half an hour of walking We are in front of the royal staircase to reach the Teyuna
  paradise, it took approximately forty five minutes to get to the top and when looking
  forward you could feel all the majesty and peace that the environment offered; the
  terraces and paths made of stone, how strategically the city was located, surrounded
  by the birth of the buritaca river and with a view of the four cardinal points from
  any place on the plateau. The photos, the guides' stories, the fortune of finding
  members of local tribes such as the Arhuaco, the Koguis and the Wiwas arrived in
  Teyuna seasonally to give thanks and perform their ceremonies. Every minute that
  passed understood how majestic and great Colombia is but the strange thing is that
  of a group of fifty people, only three of us were Colombians, the rest of the adventure
  companions with whom I had the opportunity to share came exclusively to Colombia.
  know Lost City from different parts of the world such as Australia, Argentina, Spain,
  United States, Portugal, France, United Kingdom, among others ... and all totally
  amazed and amazed by such a beautiful paradise. After touring the terraces and trying
  to understand how our ancestors managed to make these buildings we returned to the
  camp to recover energy, shower and make our way to Santa Marta, the body was exhausted
  but each step had been worth walking to discover Lost City .
