Title: Thailand - The Land of Smiles
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/thailand-the-land-of-smiles-2
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Leroy Nunes
AuthorCountry: India
Text: True to what many describe it as, Thailand indeed is a land of smiles. I can't
  seem to recall a single moment where I wasn't smiling in the seven day trip to Thailand,
  summer of 2017. After landing at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi airport, the best option
  was to take a bus to Pattaya, my first destination. The journey between the two
  cities showed the transition from Bangkok's bustling skyline to quieter suburbs
  to green fields to the much quiet yet pleasant city of Pattaya. At Pattaya, I had
  three activities planned for a three day stay in Pattaya. The evening after arriving,
  I checked the first one off my list. The world famous Alcazar show. A glorious stage
  performance by transexuals. Some street meat for dinner and I called it a night.
  The next day I checked off the second activity off my list. Coral island safari.
  Something I really wouldn't recommend. I closed day two by some authentic Thai dinner.
  Noodles and fried squid with some  green curry and Thai pork. It turned out to be
  way more delicious than I thought it would be. Day three was a visit to Noongnooch
  park, hours well spent in the company of animals and flowers. The elephant show
  was the pinnacle of it. My final day in Pattaya ended with a nice oil massage at
  an elite spa. It honestly was quite relaxing. Next morning I boarded a bus to Bangkok's
  Suvarnabhumi airport and then another bus transfer to Don Mueang airport, to board
  a flight to Phuket. After a short one hour flight that was preceded by a 45 minute
  delay due to fog, I landed in Phuket, the heart of Thailand. Cabs were available
  outside the airport. Lucky enough to find am affordable affluent hotel close to
  the beach, I immidiately rushed to catch the sunset after  checking in. The warm
  white sand, clear blue waters that were now getting golden, the setting sun and
  a warm breeze carrying tropical smells. An evening I can never forget. Exploring
  the streets of Patong beach, trying some Thai street food again, some mango ice
  desserts, I picked a ready to eat dinner from a seven eleven nearby my hotel. Next
  morning, was the highlight of my trip. A river cruise to Phi Phi islands. I met
  with my cousins on the cruise which was a pleasant surprise. A long enough voyage
  through the beautiful Indian ocean across blooms of jellyfish and tiny rock islands.
  On reaching Phi Phi, I went to a secluded beach to hand out with one of my cousins.
  Once again, warm white sand, crystal clear blue waters, a sunny afternoon and tropical
  smells and the afternoon breeze. It really calms the soul. After lunch the same
  cruise brought me back to Patong by evening, only this time rather than savoring
  the beauty of the ocean I preferred some quality sleep. Patong was just one among
  the various other beautiful places in Phuket such as Kata and Krabi. Not being able
  to visit them honestly bummed me. A late night flight later I was back in Bangkok.
  I was missing Phuket already. It was that magical. In Bangkok, there wasn't much
  planned. Day one was spent at safari world.  A decent choice for an activity. There
  were some good shows and sights. The next day was dedicated to shopping. There were
  many options to choose from for artifacts, clothing apparel, sweets etc. After checking
  out, a cab took me to Suvarnabhumi airport. On my way back I recalled the week I
  spent in the land of smiles. The places I had been. The people I met. The memories
  I made. The experiences I had. The delicacies I tried. And then threw up as I couldn't
  digest some of it. A few minutes later as I arrived at the airport. Thanked my cab
  driver. And with memories that would last me a lifetime, I went in to board a plane
  back to my hometown. A leap into the Thai unknown, for me was one hell of a leap.
  Although there are other more beautiful beach destinations, Thailand has its own
  unique identity that till date remains undisputed. Land of smiles.
