Title: Thailand surprises
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/thailand-surprises
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: nicole Bourke
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: We all know the story of a cheap beach filled holiday to Thailand full of shopping
  and snorkelling, lazing by the pool or in the beaches of phucket drink in hand.
  What happens when you travel to Thailand to accompany someone going to experience
  a sailing course. Pattaya I knew nothing about Pattaya Thailand even having been
  to Thailand twice before. When I told family and friends of the trip my sister (a
  travel agent) laughed saying you know thats where all the dirty old men go to meet
  mail order brides or sleep with lady boys (they weren't wrong). Only in Pattaya
  as that's where the sailing course was located after shopping and eating and drinking
  in the pool.....walking down walking Street an experience all on it's own what was
  I to do when travel buddy was off sailing. I city I knew nothing about and didn't
  want to spend my money at tiger park to see the drugged up tigers they really wasn't
  much else where U felt comfortable on my own until I found elephant jungle sanctuary
  on my last day in Thailand. It turned out to be a once in a life time experience,
  that will stay with me forever and has effected my future travel plans. I was picked
  up and driven out to a remote land and when I got there only 3 other tourist were
  there. Along came at Thier own pace 4 beautiful gaints, rescued form circus, logging,
  entertainment elephants. 1 elephant person what an experience as the guides/ mahout
  told us about each elephants story, Thier life and rescue we got to feed them, give
  them a Mudd bath and swim with them. I learnt so much about elephants Thier trade
  and treatment In Thailand and fell in love with a heavily pregnant elephant and
  a 61 year old beauty. Feeling like I knew what Thailand  had to offer and not loving
  Pattaya it surprised me and made every second worth it.
