Title: The Adventure of Stadium
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-adventure-of-stadium
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Hermon Yulius
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: It was a great moment that I won the quiz for Trip to UK. After that, I flew
  by the plane and I started my trip in Manchester to get the stadium tour in UK.
  Then, I went to the popular stadium in UK like Old Trafford, Anfield, Stamford Bridge,
  Etihad Stadium, and Emirates Stadium. First, I went to Old Trafford and The Old
  Trafford was a great stadium in the world because it had a great facility and a
  museum. That was glorious !! After that, I went to Anfield in Liverpool and Anfield
  liked Old Trafford because The facility was good and the museum in stadium is good
  because it kept the trophy which was winning a year ago like UEFA Champions League
  Trophy and the ancient jersey. That was a great honour to visit the two stadiums
  which was being the history stadium. Finally, I was so tired and slept in the hotel.
  I planned to start the Adventure to watch the Manchester Derby. The day later, I
  woke up and wanted to watch the Manchester Derby in Etihad Staidum. Then, I see
  the Etihad Stadium and that was a modern and great stadium. The supporters which
  was Manchunian and Citizens had a good attitude for tourism. So, I was very safety
  to watch this match which Martial made a winning goal for MU. That was a great honour
  again to watch the Manchester Derby. Then, I finished to watch the Derby and already
  started to trip to London. First, I visited the Stamford Bridge. The stadium is
  so traditional but I enjoyed to trip that stadium because the stadium was cool.
  It had a great museum and the good chair for watching the match. It was very nice
  !! After that, I went to Emirates Stadium which was had by Arsenal. Wow !! the stadium
  was very modern because it had a great locker room and an ancient museum which was
  modern too. The stadium was very big and I liked the stadium. Finally, I went to
  hotel to sleep because I was so tired. Tommorow, I went to Heathrow Airport to come
  to my hometown in Jakarta. That was a great moment which could visit the great stadium
  in the world. Thank you for giving me a prize to trip the five stadiums. I hope
  to come back again to United Kingdom. Glorious !!
