Title: The fighter flirts with bullets and bullets only.
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-fighter-flirts-with-bullets-and-bullets-only
SetInCountry: Sudan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Haitham  Eltayeb
AuthorCountry: Sudan
Text: 'The trip was a conflict zone

  Then she entered her studio, drawing her child crying, I imagined the anger of her
  child from the fighter who spoiled her, and said to her: Do you marry a man like
  me, I laughed the girl with her eyes and said: But I do not like the sound of bullets
  ..

  She remembers her husband who went and did not return, and all the men there do
  not return.

  She stopped at the tears of her child, she draws it like a river of blood or paints
  it like a river of grief, and in her confusion, her child intervenes: "As if I were
  in this painting.

  I asked her why: like you ..?

  She said: Every girl here is angry at that fighter, wants to marry us and he kills
  our people ..

  Her mother''s colors drowned in her hands as she danced, knowing that every fighter
  could do anything.

  Her daughter took the colors, then completed the painting and her mother sat next
  to her watching the river tears, and put her hand on him, moved passionately as
  if she were a child playing on a real river ..

  The girl painted herself, cried more, and she said: "You know, my mother, I will
  sink myself in tears, so that everyone who sees me here will know that I did not
  know but to cry, but I am confused. How will they know that I am angry with a fighter
  who said he wants to marry me, Is there an idea to draw with myself here, her mother
  soaked in the river tears, you hear and hardly find a spirit to respond to her child,
  and then her child whispering to her: How my mother, and suddenly: scream I found
  the idea, Sahml your tears and draw here and write these tears my mother sad and
  hard. .

  The mother, did not hear her child, and did not feel that her child every time a
  tear of tears and put it in the painting and write on it: tears of my mother, sad
  on our home, and this grief on my father, Every time you tell us, the fighters will
  someday burn our house and burn everything.

  And all the tears were taken, the mother was more humiliated with a new feeling,
  and the girl never stopped carrying her mother''s tears, and then put them on the
  painting, and as the painting approached, the river flowed from the painting, so
  the tears became a cloud and then the river sank like a song with tears. And as
  if she could not say anything, and if she could not do anything, the river came
  out of their sinking, toward the forest where the fighters were, a river going by
  a certain way, like a mind and a heart and knowing what it wanted to do. He wants
  to hear, what the fighters say, they were talking about rivers of blood where a
  village had sunk there, but, hey, why are you enjoying them? So, do you love blood
  is, perhaps, their talk suggests this, as well as why they are ..

  When he hears this, does he enter the jungle to talk to them, or to go back there,
  or to go to a country where there is no river of blood and another of a heap, and
  in the course of which his water flowed into the forest and reached the fighters
  with astonishment. River on us, drink a little, then shouted at the top of his voice:
  Salty River, Salty River, Salty River ..'
