Title: The Leap
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-leap
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: zulema otte
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'The year is 2019. I''m turning 23 soon, February is always so bitter, and I
  don''t care much for my birthday.

  Its crazy how this is my first time. I guess you could call it virgin land, I''m
  nervous, I don''t normally do this, I can feel the anxiety throughout my body. Lately
  I''ve been taking bigger steps though, I remind myself.

  I close my eye''s and imagine what it will smell like once I land.

  My suitcase is heavier than I expected, and I could barely get it closed the day
  before. My eye''s are tired and dry from anxiety keeping me up at night, lately
  I haven''t taken time to myself. I guess you could say I worry about the future,
  the past, and the present.

  I used to think I''d never want to leave my dirty little city, you could say it''s
  grown on me, but at the same time its also time to cover more ground, I feel like
  I''ve seen it all, yet I''ve barely marked a speck on the planet.

  I''m constantly moving yet still stuck in the same cycle, they call it inertia and
  I have a screen capture of the first time I seen that word in school, I didn''t
  know it would be the perfect description to the human condition.

  I hate heights, the idea of being up this high makes me feel sick. who''s idea was
  this, mine.

  I''ve never understood how people sleep through car rides, plane rides, etc. The
  guy beside me is snoring like he''s been up for three days straight and my anger
  rises just a little.

  I always wanted to take a proper trip with some friends, I guess friends fall through
  and shit happens. I''ve always thought more about the future but fallen into the
  trap of the present, I used to hesitate but once you realize "time doesn''t wait
  for no man", you become impatient with everything, I''m surprised I haven''t become
  a complete pessimist. even if I go to sleep a pessimist I wake up an optimist.

  I close my eye''s but my brain won''t ever rest.

  I awaken to the intercom stating we''ve landed safely and my body unclenches from
  the tight knot I''ve been leaving it in lately.

  I''m here. Finally I''m able to stretch, my legs feel weak from sitting for so long
  and tingly. Everyone is grabbing their carry on''s and heading to the exit. I sit
  back down and rest my eyes and wait. After some time I grab my small carry on and
  head for the exit, the majority of people have already vacated the plane. The airport
  is so bright I want to wear shades and it smells of something I''ve never come across
  before. I''m in portugal, and there''s a first time for everything.'
