Title: the Maha Cumhba Trip
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-maha-cumhba-trip
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: SIMONA AMELOTTI
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'Never been in India before. But THIS "maha cumhba mela" was the Event of the
  century that drop exactly during my birthday. 110 millions of people that coming
  from everywhere is a terrific party, no? So I choose on the map the place to be
  near the Gange: Lucknow. I read "lucky now" and for me was a sign! Lucknow is the
  capital and largest city of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and is almost 200km
  west from the Gate of Celebrations. Perfect for a woman alone with a cake. So i
  planned flights and the first impression, at the airport, was: i running away with
  the first plane. I was the only "western" person in the airport, no tourist at all.
  My welcome was a young indian lady that reaching me at the taxi line: "first time
  in India? you go to maha cumhba ? you are really really lucky! " This is the first
  contact with magic traditions, starting with this quick rendez vous that has developed
  throughout the journey. From here I felt better, I did not want to go away, in fact
  I started to organize the trip to the Gange once arriving in hotel.  Lucknow is
  a capital but it seems to be in a gigantic village, with small lights on the streets,
  a hellish traffic and indians always with you, while eating for example, is simply
  impossible to be alone. They are curious, asking questions in hindu that i don''t
  understand, but really kind. In a few days I met the rector of the university of
  astrology, discovering a world of millennial wisdom, learning how is important consulting
  the stars in crucial decisions or serious facts of life. Because in India it''s
  a science, you study at school, there are universities. In hotel i meet Sara, an
  american photographer also interested to go to the Gange, so we share the car to
  go. She''s an expert of India, travelling alone many times a year to take pictures
  and make yoga. She was prepared to a 2 days journey in the car for so little distance,
  with a guide that speak only hindu. Me no, but i have a good adaptability, so i
  spend this time chatting with the most experienced woman in India I could find,
  to discover that we have a common friend...unbelievable! So little planet! During
  the trip we saw so many people walking in only one direction, women, kids, old people
  too, like a giant anthill. Around - 10 km from the "gate"  it was impossible to
  make a move with the car, too many people, too many dogs, cows, naked people, people
  dressed with only snakes, so much humanity that the raised dust coloring the air
  in yellow. We started walking in the midst of this very different world, so far
  from ours. And we arrived at the "gate" of celebrations in the evening, and it was
  a surreal landscape, like a watercolor, with the dust illuminated by the lights
  all seemed painted in gold. A strange suggestion caught me with a feeling of being
  in front of a very dignified people, with such an ancient tradition to be lost in
  the discovery of how much culture has reached us, today, beyond the Beatles and
  the hippy mania. The flamenco, in example...I doing photos too, and i find a spot
  with nobody around. I did not think twice about why it was deserted with all that
  mess around, so I set out to take some pictures, which in fact are beautiful. Me
  alone at Maha Cumb...The army came to throw me out because I was walking on the
  sacred path, where only the sacred men can enter and only the hindus in any case.
  Oups. They kindly dismissed me and i lost Sara in the crowd. I find her later, but
  the adventure of Magic India in this particular moment of the century, at my birthday,
  was the best gift i received. In a certain sense my perception of the world and
  of the diversity of this magnificent planet has changed, and we are lucky (now)
  to live here.'
