Title: The Change
DateModified: '2019-02-07'
DatePublished: '2019-02-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-change
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Evelyna Nagbe
AuthorCountry: Liberia
Text: 'I am a young girl, age 17 and with the mindset of experiencing life and finding
  ways to make my own positive impact around the world. In 2017, I was awarded a one
  year scholarship to study at an American high school, graduate from an American
  high school and experience a whole new culture (American Culture). Being a girl
  from the fourth poorest country in the world (Liberia) and going to one of the richest
  countries (America), was a huge challenge for me. Leaving a country that would experience
  65-80 degrees Fahrenheit and going to a country that was always cold and had about
  -20 degrees Fahrenheit was not an easy task. I told myself I can do this, I''m strong
  and I need to make my dreams of making positive impacts come true. Stuck up in the
  middle of "Do I really want to do this?" or "Should I just give it up?" was one
  of the toughest decisions I had to make in my life. While I awaited my departure
  date, I was often asked by friends and families, Do you really want to do this?
  Is this a risk even worth taking? How are you going to survive being away from your
  family for a year and staying with people that you''ve never met before? I answered
  all of these questions and many more with a bright smile and said It will be okay.
  I was scared but I was ready to take on this journey. The journey that would change
  my life forever, the journey that would change the way I understand and see things,
  the journey that would have me experience a whole new lifestyle and give me a whole
  new family, the journey that would make me a new person and educate me on things
  I had no idea about, the journey that would help me make THE CHANGE. Yes I was ready
  to go on this journey not because I was ready or I needed to see the beautiful skyscrapers
  and well paved road of America, no it was based on one reason: I needed to make
  the change. After months, weeks and days of waiting,  the departure date finally
  came. It was hard to say goodbye to my mom; she''d been my best friend from birth.
  It was hard to say goodbye to my little sister, she knew all of my secrets and we
  shared every single story of our lives together. I had to leave my best friend too
  and it wasn''t an easy task. There were tears, there were sorrow and everything
  but I had to make the change. With tears rolling down my cheeks, I boarded the plane.
  This was my first time ever going on a trip without my parents. I reached and I
  was given a warm welcome by my new family. I was nervous at first and I had lots
  of anxiety but it was all good. I met a mom almost exactly like my mom back home;
  a little sister the same age as my sister back home and she was the best thing that
  ever happened to me. My dad was my best friend and he was always willing to listen
  and talk to me about my everything that I needed to know or wasn''t satisfied with.
  At school, the beginning wasn''t easy because it was a whole new system but with
  the help of my always smiling teachers and helpful friends, it was easy for me and
  I even made the B honor roll once. I tried new sports like Cheer leading and basketball
  and they were all good and fun. Leaving was the next challenge for me but I somehow
  made it with lot of tears in my eyes and wishing to visit them someday. I''m glad
  that my perception of America has change and it''s not what others envision it to
  be. The people are loving and they''re helpful and now I can proudly say I''m making
  the change because I''m back and teaching my friends about the culture in America
  and it''s always good to hear them saying they would like to go to America someday.'
