Title: The Journey To Salto Cristal
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-journey-to-salto-cristal
SetInCountry: Paraguay
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Dan Tonkin
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'Travelling leads us to discover many things but the adventurer in me was on
  the lookout for something I had never seen before.


  It amazes me how many places there are in the world and yet Paraguay would be the
  first time I would visit my first waterfall.


  There were three of us, traveling on the countryside roads of Paraguay. I was living
  in the city of Asuncion at the time and what little Spanish I knew was not going
  to help me reach this magnificent place. Little is known of this country, including
  its indigenous people; The Guarani, the name of the country''s currency. It is still
  being taught in their schools alongside English, which is what I was there doing
  at the time.


  I had seen a photo from some of the places my students had shown me. Its amazing
  what a teacher can learn from their students sometimes and how much they want to
  teach you in return when you establish a relationship, improving my Spanish and
  even ignite my interest with places of their country they thought I should visit,
  including a waterfall at a place called Salto Cristal, a waterfall - off the beaten
  track.


  The roads were frequently empty, sometimes giving way to lines of tall trees in
  perfect alignment, then there would be clearings of countryside homes with peaceful
  gardens, tree swings and towards the distance two tall perfectly-rounded hills,
  sitting under a clear sky and beaming sun. That was the thing about this country
  - it was always warm. Even in the winter. Knowing later I would be swimming next
  to a waterfall within 2 hours was exciting but knowing the water would be warm made
  it all the more pleasant.


  We were moments away, my photo memory was almost full already, even with the waterfall
  still hidden from sight, the views were not to be missed. Our vehicle was built
  to take the difficult off road track as it threw us around, narrowly missing the
  odd car that would pass us. We curved around the last road, each becoming more narrow
  as we drew nearer and then a field of cars, separated by two rows of trees. Native
  Paraguayans and tourists were scattered everywhere. Either buying onsite milanesa
  and empanada''s from the cabins and others walking into the forest trail with their
  ''mate'' (a national herbal tea) in thermal flasks to descend towards the waterfall.


  The trail narrowed and a small queue led down a series of steep wooden staircases.
  Peligro (Danger) signs written everywhere! One false step and that''s all it would
  have taken. There was a recently collapsed staircase that had been closed off, adjacent
  to where we were. Needless to say, it made us all a bit nervous. When we reached
  the trail at the bottom, it also became clear that the waterfall was still to come,
  the path ended and the rest had to be traversed through a series of waterholes,
  rocky banks and boulders. My inner-adventurer emotions started to soar. This was
  the moment I had been waiting for.


  I had brought my most agile gear, my hiking boots, camo trousers and a light t-shirt
  and gleefully started traversing, assisting others through as I went. I had already
  left my company far behind by the time I looked back. Excited as a kid at Christmas,
  using the sound of the waterfall ahead as my navigation. I swung through trees where
  there was no ground or platform, I leaped when there was nothing to grip until...
  There it was! Salto Cristal waterfall!


  My jaw dropped, my camera came out. A large group of observers were watching the
  swimmers in life jackets under the waterfall, being supervised by a member of site
  staff. My head turned up towards the sun gleaming through the trees, the largest
  butterflies I had ever seen then towards a woman rappelling down the right side
  of the waterfall, getting soaked. Whilst frustrated with myself for not having brought
  more dinero (money) with me so that I could try it for myself it hardly mattered
  when I started to swim next to the waterfall. One of the best memories of my life.'
