Title: The Places You Meet
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-places-you-meet
SetInCountry: Albania
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Caitlyn Nalley
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: '"Nuk e kuptoj shqipe" I stutter as I smile and shrug my shoulders. I''m trying
  to tell them that I don''t understand Albanian with the Google translate one-liner
  I had rehearsed and committed to memory. Whether or not they understand me, I do
  not know, but they laugh and shower me in hugs and kisses as if I were a newborn
  baby saying my first word. I should probably feel embarrassed, but their eyes are
  too kind, and so I just laugh along and smile some more. The grandmothers, adorned
  in black garb with smile lines almost as deep as the canyons they reside above,
  are my favorite part of Nivica. I have been here for two days now and even though
  we cannot understand a word of each others language, no one else makes me feel more
  welcome or loved than these women. I do know how to say a few things though. When
  I am given food or drink I say thank you, "faleminderit", and I am always sure to
  compliment it afterwards with "shume mire" or very good. Whenever I am greeted with
  a kiss on both cheeks I am sure to ask "Si jeni?" or how are you? Once the question
  is reciprocated however, I only know how to say I am good. I am good though. I have
  about fifty bug bites up the back of my right thigh and I''ve had subtitles turned
  off for a few days, but I am good in the simplest and most intricate sense of the
  word. I am learning how to read body language and smiles instead of texts, and I
  am learning that sometimes you don''t need a full vocabulary to express gratitude
  or mutual respect. The grandmothers must have moved the focus of their conversation
  off of me now though, because they have begun to shuffle away. I lay back on the
  stone ledge surrounding the ancient tree that towers over town center, and bask
  in its shade. It''s a busy day in Nivica today, it is the first annual Pan Fest,
  and also the reason I am here. This stone village lies nestled in the Kurvelesh
  mountains, an hours car ride up a steep mountain from the nearest city of Tepelene.
  Nivica is putting on Pan Fest, a festival celebrating Pan, the God of Shepherding
  and flocks, in order to revitalize the town which has been dwindling in recent years
  as more and more young people migrate to the cities. I am here with the Ministry
  of Tourism as an intern, although most people just refer to me as Americana. I close
  my eyes and hear the happy shriek of the children and open them to see Noelle, the
  five year old boy whose grandparents I am housed with, trying and almost succeeding
  in keeping up with the adults as they circle dance to traditional folk music. I
  laugh to myself. I would have never imagined myself here over a year ago, and that
  is perhaps what has made these last few days so magical. To have lived a life in
  which I would have never met these people, or seen the sunset over village center
  while I sipped a shot of Raki, to have never been acquainted with these ancient
  stones or the mountainside they were carved out of, would be a disservice and even
  more tragically, it would have been one I didn''t know I was missing. It is peculiar,
  because this is probably the most remote place I have been in my whole life, and
  yet strangely I feel at home, and when I return again in one month I will even be
  remembered. But for now, I close my eyes again, soak up the shade from this tree
  which is older than I, and allow myself to be.'
