Title: 'The Taliban who loved chocolates '
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-taliban-who-loved-chocolates
SetInCountry: Afghanistan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Anjali Khurana
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'My best friend Maryam is a people photographer based in Canada. She freelances
  with international magazines and human aid organizations. She was advised against
  traveling to Afghanistan a few years ago as she''d have to be on her own because
  the authorities don''t promise safety once you leap into the countryside. She particularly
  wanted to click pictures of the farmers during the opium harvest which accounts
  to the country''s economic and cultural backbone. After contemplating for a month,
  she took off from Vancouver to Kabul while her friends and family continued to panic.
  Once in Kabul, she roamed around without a guide or a map and felt the vibe of the
  city was so comforting despite a mauled over past. The relics of the past were seen
  through bombed walls, broken glasses and gunned down signboards. The pictures she
  clicked can tell why they haven''t been repaired. These perhaps, have been shot
  over so often that they like their wounds being open than healed. From here, the
  lady went in search of the pink flower, also called the poppy. This little thing
  has withstood nearly 4 decades of unrest and civil war. It has saved an entire populace
  from dying of hunger and unemployment. Maryam''s lenses traveled through the picturesque
  valleys of Helmand, Lashkar Gah and Nimruz capturing the errands of opium life.
  In the latter province, Maryam walked the withered alleys of Gostan. She waived
  at the women behind the blue burqas who seemingly chuckled under the layers of tradition
  wanting to strike a dialogue with the likes of someone they''ve only seen on TV.
  Some of them posed for a picture, others went right back in their mud houses. She
  spotted kids who giggled as they followed her from one lane to another; she reciprocated
  by clicking each time they showed up. It was quite a game they played until one
  of them sprung up ahead of Maryam, holding an assault rifle. Maryam stood still.
  She didn''t tremble because the moment hadn''t yet synced in yet. She ogled at the
  kid with blush cheeks and pearl white teeth, struggling to lift it up and point
  at her. He said something in Pashto reaffirming his gun and as anyone else in that
  position, she rightly understood it as ''Hands Up''. She lifted both her arms up
  in the air as the camera hung around her neck. One wrong move and she would be buried
  right there; Maryam knew she had a bleak chance with life. As the kid came closer,
  Maryam''s heart started to pound harder. Of whatever she''d read and researched
  about the guns, she could tell he was holding an AK-47, an old make, possibly the
  original one. What surprised Maryam was the kid''s arm strength to be holding a
  weapon of that weight and size. She prayed it was unloaded but looking at his grin,
  she started making her last wish. His grin and giggling of the other kids in the
  background sent chills down Maryam''s spine. An empty street, no elderly around
  and an innocent kid wanting to kill Maryam for a reason he and she would never fathom.
  As he approached the closest he could be to Maryam, he indicated her to empty her
  pockets and belongings. No, she didn''t translate it that easily, the kiddo had
  to demonstrate by emptying his pockets. Maryam lowered her arms and pulled out everything
  she could reach for. He insisted she must hurry up and place everything she possessed,
  on the ground. Maryam lined up all she that she carried in her bag-pack including
  a bunch of her hotel room keys, passport, a few Canadian dollars, camera batteries,
  a tripod, a sanitizer, kerchief and chocolates. The grinning of the kiddo and the
  giggling of his friends turned louder as she surrendered. They all ran towards the
  items placed and huddled around each of them. The one with the rifle had forgotten
  about to pick it up from the ground and ran with the maximum chocolates in both
  his hands. Others ran after him. Quite a game they played.

  The picture she never clicked remains her best; the Taliban who dropped a gun for
  chocolates.'
