Title: THE OLD MAN OF JEEP
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-old-man-of-jeep
SetInCountry: Mozambique
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: JULIANO MUNIZ
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I was in Maputo, Mozambique at the Hostel, and we noticed that there was a
  man in a kind of "Jeep", but Mercedes, who did not eat breakfast in the Hostel or
  sleep in the rooms, but in a hammock whose one end was supported in the car.


  Curious, even with English (half mouth) I decided to approach and ask.


  He were very receptive and we started talking ...


  It was Gunther Holtorf, a man with several titles in the Guinnes, had been traveling
  since 1988 with his Mercedes G-Wagen 300GO, has traveled more than 1,800,000 km,
  and intended to end his trip to more than 200 countries in 2014.


  Initially he traveled with his wife, showed his proud photo of her, when they were
  in Yuni''s saloon in Bolivia, he had to stop his trip for a time, due to illness
  and death of his wife, which he affirmed even debilitated, and died " I do not want
  this to happen. " He said he had no choice but to continue the journey.


  He made the transamazonica, crossed the northeast sertao, Curitiba, showed a map
  of Brazil with the places that had already passed the pen. The map was just pen!
  He knew Brazil as the few, the first car with a foreign driver to cross North Korea.
  He knew the world like a few!


  Even when he was about 80 years old he had alteres to work out and springs, he had
  several spare parts in the car and he was doing maintenance.


  He said several passages, said that his biggest dangers were in Brazil and Latin
  America due to insecurity. But also that one of the most remarkable places was the
  Salar de Yuni in Bolivia. That by taking the car to South America it was impossible
  to take Brazil because of bureaucracy, and that he would think about it when he
  stopped living in Uruguay.


  He took his own breakfast and water, to reduce the risks of health problems, who
  said that with age demanded such care.


  Lots of stories, conversation and friendliness.


  "The more we traveled, the more we realized how little w''d seen" Gunter Holtrorf'
