Title: The undiscovered world
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-undiscovered-world
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ibrahim Ismail
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: Social media platforms have connected people from all around the world, yet
  the misconceptions between them are still the same. For me it was a different story,
  I have always believed that the powers that be, created this world for all of us,
  regardless of all misconceptions. To learn from one another, to understand that
  the miseries in our own private life cannot be even compared to the stories out
  there. Primed to be grasped and to comprehend that whatever we will face, someone
  in an unreachable destination, has had it harder. In 2017, I applied to travel with
  AIESEC (a student international platform) as a volunteer in India, it was my first
  time traveling alone, throughout the application process, I was bombarded with emotional
  sentiments, anxiety and agitation etc. These sentiments were the product of stories
  I heard about India from family, common friends and AIESEC volunteers with prior
  experiences in India. However, I came over those rash feelings, and I went through
  with the journey. My flight from Egypt was smooth, the next day I arrived at the
  transit stop (Oman Airport). Then after arriving in New Delhi airport, I took an
  auto rickshaw (Toktok) from the airport, which I have only seen in Egypt's rural
  areas. It took about 2 hours to reach the hostel that I was designated to stay in,
  yet there was no confirmed reservation and the AIESEC team had clearly forgotten
  me. Immediately, I called my father out of panic as he was the experienced sole
  traveler, he directed my panic to calmness and for a minute I knew everything was
  going to be okay. After the phone call, I reached a deal with the manager whom I
  couldn't understand anything from. I was able to reserve a bed within a 10-bedroom
  chamber. I unpacked, wore my nightwear and started to read the autobiography of
  Mahatma Gandhi. Suddenly out of now-where, a Russian resident called Alex came in
  and he was out of breath, then he looked at me and asked where you are from? I replied
  Egypt. In a calm manner, he said " I know a lot of Egyptians here in India, you
  guys are crazy!! then he invited me to a party, there he introduced me to a-lot
  of people whom were AIESEC members. In the very first week, I met various people
  from 30 different countries whom shared the same objective, being a world citizen.
  Then I started working in the Non-profit organization (ActionAid) that AIESEC had
  assigned me to. For me it was an eye-opening position as I was a part of a team
  that would submit a research proposal to the Delhi mayor, on how to improve the
  public parks in New Delhi. I started to work with a couple of native co-workers
  to conduct a field research, directly asking natives on how to improve the parks
  and gaining their simple opinion. This simple process had broadened my horizon to
  the beyond, changing me personally as I was affected by the amazing people I met
  in the congested streets of New Delhi. Specifically, in the third week, as we were
  conducting the field research, an old woman with no footwear and seemed blazing
  from the hot temperature. She offered me her cold water and kept going on. I was
  astonished by this. Jumping to the sixth week, I had cultivated an international
  network of 70 people, I hosted 3 parties with an Egyptian friend I met there, I
  had succeeded in submitting my part in the research proposal. As I was drawing closer
  to leave, I experienced a moral epiphany, of which that I have found my life's purpose,
  is to be always on the road and to develop an ambulant comfort zone. I had realized
  that life is about seeing the world, to see behind walls, draw closer, to find each
  other, and to feel. That is my leap into the unknown.
