Title: The Best Martini in Siem Reap
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-best-martini-in-siem-reap
SetInCountry: Cambodia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kim Stubbs
AuthorCountry: Cambodia
Text: 'I love a good martini. Like good food, it''s all about using the best ingredients
  in exactly the right combination. Part science, part art. So after arriving in Cambodia
  one of the first thing I did was Google "best martini in Siem Reap". The result
  was somewhat underwhelming. Lots of hits on generic cocktails but nothing specifically
  relating to my drink of choice. Obviously there was a gaping hole in the Internet,
  and I was just the person to plug it! And what better place to begin my investigation
  but Siem Reap''s legendary Pub Street.


  As the name suggests, Pub Street is a street with lots of pubs. Lots and lots of
  pubs. In fact several city blocks of contiguous bars and restaurants, and my hotel
  was conveniently located only a 10 minute walk away. But even a 10 minute walk can
  be a bit of a trial in Cambodia. The temperature was in the mid 30s and it was oppressively
  humid so by the time I reached my destination I was drenched in sweat. I stopped
  at the first bar I came to, a place called Home Cocktail on Street 2D. It had a
  shady balcony separated from the street by a little strip of garden. Behind this
  in the deeper shadows of the interior was a long wooden bar lined with red upholstered
  stools. They were all empty but one of them was ideally located underneath a spinning
  ceiling fan so I sat there to catch the breeze and try and dry out my T shirt.


  Apart from a couple of guys on the veranda nursing pints of beers I was the only
  customer so the barman arrived immediately and asked me what I wanted. I asked for
  a drinks menu. He obliged and I started flipping through it. I did a double take
  when I saw the prices. Cocktails for $1.50? Surely this was a typo and the decimal
  point was in the wrong place! I quickly confirmed that the prices were indeed correct.
  Had I died and gone to booze hound heaven? Only one way to find out.


  "Can you make me a martini?" I asked.


  "No problem," he replied. "You want Espresso Martini? Lychee Martini? Lemongrass
  Martini? Bikini Martini?"


  Bikini Martini? WTF??


  "I just want a martini martini," I said. "Dry, olives, slightly dirty."


  "No problem," he said, seemingly a little disappointed that I hadn''t ordered something
  more challenging for him to make.


  He scooped ice into a silver shaker, poured in three shots of Bombay Sapphire, a
  dribble of Martini vermouth, gave it a good shake, and poured it into a chilled
  glass. A bottle of olives was produced from under the bar, opened. He skewered three
  of these and dropped them into my glass, immediately earning my respect (not all
  bar men know that it''s unlucky to make a martini with an even number of olives).
  Finally he tipped a small amount of juice out of the olive jar into the drink, looking
  up at me expectantly. I gave him two thumbs up. Any more than what he''d already
  used would ruin the taste.


  Now for the moment of truth. I took a sip. Hmmm hmmm. This was a seriously good
  martini. Tasted like booze, crisp, with just an underlying hint of dirtiness. The
  barman stared at me expectantly. I stared back, took another sip just to be sure.


  "Chnang," I said. "Delicious!"


  He smiled. I smiled back. Another customer had entered the bar and he left me to
  serve them. I finished my drink and spent the rest of the afternoon wandering happily
  along Pub Street, sampling more martinis along the way. But none of them came close
  to this one.


  Had I struck gold at the first bar I tried? Did Home Cocktail in fact make the best
  martini in Siem Reap? The jury, as they say, is still out. There are lots of places
  that make cocktails here and so far I''ve only just scratched the surface. I think
  I owe it to myself - and to martini lovers everywhere - to continue my research
  before arriving at any hasty conclusions. It''s a dirty, thankless job, but someone
  has to do it...'
