Title: The fragrance of frangipani
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-fragrance-of-frangipani
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Judy Noll
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I hurried through packing. Not knowing what to expect, I did my best to plan
  by the seat of my pants. I hadn't flown in years and was facing about six hours
  in the air. As I took my seat, a blast of cold, moist air hit the window and covered
  it with droplets. Leaving Seattle in February was one of the best decisions I had
  ever made. About four months earlier, I had had a chance encounter with a couple
  of tanned world travelers in the small cafe where I worked as a short order cook.
  Jennie and Kathryn were making a stop in Bellingham, Washington to visit an old
  friend. Their journey had begun about a year before. They had begun in Europe, traveled
  the Khyber Pass after being booted out of war torn Lebanon and made it to India,
  where Jennie succumbed to amoebic dysentery and was hospitalized while she mended.
  Kathryn had continued her travels at Jennie's insistence. They had met up again
  in Seattle. When I met them, Jennie was still a little shaky and feeling grateful
  to be able to eat some of the healthy food I had prepared for her that day. She
  and Kathryn were eventually headed back to their homes in the Midwest before embarking
  on yet another adventure. They had been invited to stay with a friend on Maui in
  a recently constructed home near a waterfall and pool. We found we had a lot of
  stories to share and a lot of interests in common. In the ten days or so they spent
  in Bellingham, we got together a few more times and became friends. They made the
  rainy fall in the Pacific Northwest a lot brighter for me. Apparently, I had done
  the same for them because they extended an invitation to me to come visit them on
  Maui once they got settled in. I had traveled extensively through the western United
  States and had been to Canada but had never really been that far from home. As the
  Bellingham winter wore on, I started visualizing how I could make the leap to Maui
  happen. I saved up a little money, put quite a few of my things in storage and gave
  my roommate notice. My idea of a trip to Maui was becoming a reality. Instead of
  planning a return trip, I left my ticket open ended. It was with a frisson of anticipation
  and a dose of trepidation that I boarded the plane that February day. After an uneventful
  and comfortable flight, we disembarked in Honolulu. What I will never forget is
  the moment I stepped off the plane and was enveloped in the unforgettable fragrance
  of frangipani. Welcome to Hawaii and a sweet, gentle aloha to me.
