Title: 'The Great Expectation '
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-great-expectation
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Camille  Monsegue
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: There's a moment in life where you have to make a choice; you either wake up
  with the intent to live with the purpose or wake up with the intent to get through
  another day. The truth is that we often allow ourselves to let adventure, joy, knowledge,
  experience slowly disappear as if we are driving through an extreme fog warning,
  hoping that we make it out safe and sound. I have personally been choosing to live
  with the intent to get through another day until I made the decision to intern 11
  thousand km away from home for my final semester. After coming home from an experience
  that has changed my heart I ask WHAT NEXT? You see it only took a split-second for
  me to change my life. It was by saying YES to the great unknown believing that when
  you seek discomfort life's great mysteries become wonderful opportunities to overcome
  them with the purpose in knowing that I can say that I chose to wake up and live
  the best life that I know I am capable of living. WHAT NEXT? I am not sure but I
  do know without a doubt travelling some more is a YES. From almost going skydiving
  with a couple of people I met on the plane and exchanging numbers to hearing about
  a young man who gave up everything to travel the world. The people I've met are
  world influencers in their own way! With stories to be told and memories that have
  been made, I may not win this scholarship, however, my hopes are that the world
  understands that there is still power in the words we write and ideas we think,
  as well as the stories we share. The beauty comes from understanding life isn't
  a fairytale but a simple newspaper article that is worth sharing with the world
  with the headline "A Leap Into the Unkown".  Lastly, I would like to say, I didn't
  share my travel story but what became of it! I'm motivated to share more, learn
  more and do more with every day that I give because that's how you know you're on
  your way to greatness is when your passionate enjoying the little moments that will
  one day create the story.
