Title: The Vietnam&#39;s proud
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-vietnam-s-proud
SetInCountry: Vietnam
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Fabio Spinozzi
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I am an unprepared traveler. I am imprudent. I am a madman. Poorly equipped.
  A disaster. I faced the journey by scooter with nothing, without internet, without
  a plan or basic equic, making me drive by people, smells, colors, flavors.  From
  Can Tho to Hanoi, driving motorbike from Da Lat, crossing the Vietnamese highlands,
  where very few travelers venture and I found wonderful families willing to host
  me, to share their food with them, taking a thousand photographs with wonderful
  smiles. and in the middle of these wonderful friendships, the beauty of discovering
  lush jungles, beautiful waterfalls, pagodas full of history and poetry.Vietnam,
  a land of proud people, incredible nature, indescribable adventures.


  I had many problems with motorbike, because it was very old, but locals helped me
  many times, and i helped them at home when it was possible. i have wonderful pics
  about my experience.i met again one of the guy helped me in 2016, during my trip,
  last year when i was again in Vietnam like tour leader for travel adventure company.
  it was so cool hug againmy friend Dat! But i think my heart  is still left in Dalat,
  the pearl of Vietnam. Very kind people and fantastic landscapes for those who love
  nature. or maybe to Hoi An, the city of a thousand lanterns? maybe I do not know
  either. Maybe I have to go back again to find out. maybe i have to take again my
  small, old, broken motorbike and cross again the Van Pass, with a sun fall down
  between the jungle and the china sea, to drink beer again with my locals friends,
  smile without thinking about anything else, talk using hands and face and understand
  sometimes this world is really wonderful.'
