Title: The Coat Bespoke
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-coat-bespoke
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ruiying Jian
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'I cast a heavy sigh as I posed in front of the mirror one last time, before
  replacing the branded trench coat with a modest down jacket. It had been a generous
  gift, and the idea of striding down the high streets of London in it as if I belonged
  there was tempting. However, safety was prized above superficial indulgences; from
  the perspective of a solo traveller planning her entire journey on foot, the latter
  would undeniably be more practical. Reluctantly choosing to save the extravagance
  for a future trip, I began my first proper venture into Europe.


  My decision proved wise as I was starting in the East End. It saw me navigating
  through neighbourhoods bathed in the shadows, that were but momentarily scattered
  by the dim glow of scant streetlights lining poorly-maintained roads. Daylight in
  winter was not kind either, and I quickly found myself traversing in darkness accompanied
  by little else than the clutches of fear. Perhaps the 2012 Olympics was insufficient
  in breathing life into the area, but the dodgy, run-down surroundings made me infinitely
  grateful I did not stand out. It was Christmas but celebration was not on my mind;
  I was desperately anticipating my escape the next day when public transport returned
  to service.


  Morning rolled around, and I hastily departed the excessively quiet borough for
  Westminster, relieved to finally leave behind remnant worries of encountering danger
  lurking in secluded corners.


  The contrast was starkly apparent the moment I emerged from the Tube station: ornate
  stone architecture nestled between towering glass structures; steeples of centuries-old
  cathedrals highlighted against the glittering city lights. It was the picturesque
  image of London I had often dreamed of, having been raised on little past British
  dramas halfway across the world. Still, my greatest childhood fantasies were inadequate
  in conjuring the scene that stood in reality; the opulent manifestations of history
  embedded in a modern city skyline, with the resonant bellow of bagpipes from a street
  busker echoing through the metropolis. I wandered down meandering roads, awestruck,
  taking two steps forth only to turn back to capture the same building from a slightly
  different angle. In fact, I was so distracted by the unique charm London exuded,
  I even failed to notice attempts to pickpocket me - twice. Nonetheless, my spirit
  remained undampened; I was too swept up in the grandeur to care about anything outside
  this surreal dream.


  The hustle and bustle of Westminster slowly faded behind me as I followed streets
  further down. I arrived outside a small church, where a steady crowd happened to
  be streaming out after service. I had stopped in front of an elderly lady, who took
  in my appearance with one glance. "Tourists," she muttered, her tone acerbic and
  disdainful. Perhaps ridiculously, this passing comment was what snapped me out of
  my reverie; I wondered in dismay how ''quintessentially tourist'' I looked. Donned
  in the same down jacket I had been wearing previously, I now felt self-conscious,
  ashamedly shabby and exposed amidst tailored suits and finely-cut coats. That single
  word, that single observation, was enough to dismiss me as an unwelcome entity,
  to leave me a fish out of water.


  Originating from a tropical country that concerned itself more with dressing for
  humid weather, I was largely oblivious to London''s obsession with fashion. Indeed,
  I underestimated its magnitude until I arrived at a place where even outerwear choice
  demarcated two polar ends of the same city. The same jacket that once allowed me
  to pass off as a local in one district, had in another simultaneously marked me
  as an affluent target for the picking, and reduced me to a ragged vagabond. It bespoke
  a deeply entrenched culture morphed beyond my understanding, and suddenly I realised
  I was very alone: a vagrant who had rejected where she was offered protection, and
  was rejected by where she eagerly headed to.


  I pressed on to my next destination, with nothing but the cold tendrils of a winter
  breeze intertwined with my fingers. Yet my mind was only occupied by the intricate
  language that London has woven into the ostensibly unassuming coat - if I would
  ever figure it out, and what more it could possibly uncover.'
