Title: The beauty of Bahia
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-beauty-of-bahia
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Danna Fain
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: '"How do Brazilians all know how to dance so well" I asked the woman beside
  me. The cobble stone streets of Pellorhino in Salvador were always full each night
  of the week with local live music luring a crowd that would stay well beyond the
  early hours of the next morning. It felt as if every night was a public holiday
  in that city, a celebration of life and love. She responded with an impromptu tutorial
  on how to authentically move your hips with ease and a touch of Brazilian oomph.
  By the final song of the night, with a culturally hospitable embrace she offered
  to look after myself and the group I was traveling with by showing us her favourite
  coastal beach towns. It was as if she was the one receiving a honourable role to
  practice her English, we were so excited. We were told to be ready the next day
  to explore the very best of Bahia. And so we packed our backpacks and woke up for
  a road trip down the Bahian coast line. Moving south towards Itacare, we stopped
  through Morro de Sao Paulo. The Koh Phagnan of Bahia. The beach was as busy during
  the day as it was at night with bustling night markets, music, and tourists. Continuing
  on the road, in between the smaller towns were kilometres of lush tropical trees.
  Each time we would pull over for a coconut, we would discover a new fruit I had
  never seen or tasted before. Next stop was Ilha de Boipeba, this remote beach offers
  a deserted island vibe. Accessed with a boat, it feels like the rest of the world
  melts off your shoulders. Further away from the tourist menu, the local street food
  of Acaraje, or Moqueca a fresh seafood dish and tapioca are often the only staples
  around. Walking barefoot along the sand we chose our hut like accomodation and gently
  unwound underneath the shade of coconut trees that lazily bent towards the the aqua
  clear ocean. After a few days we were ready to continue the adventure to Itacare,
  a small surfing village. With only one main street, it draws a big community of
  travellers, surfers and a popular cultural centre of Capoeira, from the Angolan
  tradition. Not surprisingly, as the day turns to night, the street is full with
  playful laughter and a fusion of Afro Brazilian rhythms. The street is lined with
  refreshingly delicious fresh fruit wagons to make up your own cocktail. It was in
  Itacare the group decided to go their separate ways. Our south coast road trip with
  a private local tour guide seemed too good to be true and yet it was exactly the
  kindness we discovered in Brazilians, just as sweet as their Acai. With a few more
  nights left in Bahia, I chose to volunteer nearby at an eco-village located in the
  jungle, only accessible via a small tin boat along the river into the cacao farms.
  Working on this eco-village required four hours contributing towards tasks like
  building, cooking or gardening and then the rest of the day spent with the community.
  Everybody enjoyed cooling down in the waterfalls or spending time around the fire
  making music altogether. As it was the end of the trip, this experience nourished
  the appreciation I had felt growing for all of the enriching and enlivening memories
  Brazil had imprinted within me. There is an affectionate warmth that is highly contagious
  in Brazil and Bahia that has cultivated a sense of comfort even whilst traveling
  as a backpacker that resembles the kind of home that will have to be visited again,
  and again, and again.'
