Title: The thing I never knew I was missing.
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-thing-i-never-knew-i-was-missing
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Alexis Beaulieu
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: A long waited vacation with family was finally upon me. My mother, sister and
  I took an extravagant trip together to beautiful Negril, Jamaica. A much needed
  trip the three of us were so excited for. Being a 20 year old living on my own,
  I never realized a vacation is what I needed to open my mind to everything including
  the wonders of traveling our planet. After taking my first plane ride from Ontario,
  Canada to Montego Bay, Jamaica, i was more than thrilled. A foot on their land was
  begun by a greeting from very friendly airport staff. My first views from outside
  this nicely air conditioned airport was an incredible marguerita bar offered to
  all for a very small fee. Negirl is approximately 2 hours from Montego Bay which
  meant we had an interesting bus ride ahead of us considering we were offered marijuana
  by our driver before we even go onto the bus. The bus ride went by very quickly
  due to the incredible speed the drivers are going. I was amazed by the landscapes
  and the amount of small towns. Being from a wealthy country like Canada made my
  mind so closed to the world around me. The minimalism most jamaicans live with is
  inspiring and eye opening. Small huts with no front doors in the middle of town
  is unheard of in Canada but every town outside Montego bay to Negril is just that,
  a city of open houses, trust, culture and understanding. Arriving at our 2000$ a
  night resort was great, we were surrounded by ocean, beaches and hundreds of Jamaican
  workers. Every single Jamaican worker on those resorts get benefits, an acceptable
  pay and consistant work but why do i feel so greedy being here? I realized it was
  not guilt but a new mind setting in. My validation of not feeling guilt was when
  the bar keeper had explained how much tourism has aided Jamaica, it's people and
  economy. Again, being 20 and just now seeing with my own eyes the pictures of smilling
  faces in a ghetto looking town is upsetting, but better late than never. My week
  was spent pool side with these amazing people teaching exercise classes every hour,
  beach side with many smilling people selling homemade gifts and on excursions with
  intelligent instructors and most importantly i spent that week loving everything
  and every person around me. I have never been exposed to the amount of talent than
  the amount of talent that is on that island. Houses, mansions actually, up in the
  mountains, astonishingly made from Jamaicans carrying every single object of construction
  up that mountain on their backs. Thousands of hand carved woodworks, hand painted
  canvases and small peices of jewlery for sale for so cheap yet they contain so much
  talent its hard to process. The best food I have ever tasted in my life served everywhere
  and as fresh as it can possibly be, not a single place from Montego Bay to Negril
  had a place i did not enjoy the food. The week flew by and i dreaded coming back
  home. Once I was home all i could think about is traveling again but next time not
  so extravagantly. I want to learn cultures different than mine which is a great
  interest and priority in my life. Jamaica was my eye opener to the world and what
  a great wonder we all live on.
