Title: The Green Stars
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-green-stars
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Praveen  Khatri
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I was about to graduated and on the other side broken down completely because
  of my relationship. Nothing was going right in my life so I left everything and
  started a solo trip to Manikarana near Kullu in India. The start of my Journey was
  quite depressing though i was thinking of my failures then i sleep of tiredness.
  When i opened my eyes, it was just like a heaven to me. The sky is full of starts
  and land ia full of mountains covered with green. Its looks like the colours of
  mountains rising on the sky and it will change the colour from blue to green. The
  stars were not shining white they glows green with beautiful green shining. So i
  stopped there to enjoyed the view. Nearby there is a small village i went in a house
  and requested water. They showed me the water source, it was beautiful channel of
  water coming from the heart of mountains looks like the nature giving me the divine
  Amrit and the water too tasty i never taste such water. They also offered me food
  i can't deny. The hospitality was so good. The BabaJi the old man of home advised
  me to visit the holy temple nearby. I supposed to visit once. It was 2km away so
  i decided to go on foot. The path was so good and the scenery was awesome. The sun
  between mountains was looking like its was struggling to come out from the mountains
  and finally came out. Nature tells us everything and provide solutions for our problems.
  The problems in our life like mountains, they are beautiful one must enjoy and should
  rise beyond them like sun and should always shine in happiness and because its our
  fate to rise. Then i proceed further and after satisfaction of eyes reached Manikarana
  next day. It was a temple and nearby a Gurudwara (the sikh's temple) holy chants
  were coming from there clearing my thoughts and cleaning my soul. There was a hot
  water pool to destroy all your negative in your body. I took a bath there. Its like
  a dual experience of cold with hot. Outside there was freezing cold and inside there
  was burning water. Life also tell us to be calm from outside and should possess
  a burning desire for our goals from inside. Then i went in the Guru dwara they were
  serving the food for everyone as a offering from god. I ate the food. Its was simply
  curry and rice but the taste was delicious. So from a hope lost boy to a person
  having all the requirements of life spend was sitting in a place away from the home.
  I was having no guilt for my past. Because there was another life waiting for mw
  outside to explore. If a man only explore the surrounding he don't have the time
  to waste in lost and dark. So i decided to move on in my life. One should always
  have the desire of streaming the life outside. Don't lose hope explorer the outside
  and inside world.
