Title: 'The Deification of Men '
DateModified: '2019-02-16'
DatePublished: '2019-02-16'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-deification-of-men
SetInCountry: China
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Daniel Mullins
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'In the west, men transcend mortality by the ways in which they stand up to
  gods . In the east, men transcend mortality by the ways in which they symbolize
  gods; they act as mirror reflecting the image of our simple humanness and daring
  us to do better.  In the west, gods are a myth which we proclaim have our full devotion,
  yet govern no part of our lives.  We are individuals, individually worshiping an
  individual god and are the loneliest generation so far.  And as I thought this,
  a frail, pruned woman knelt beside her young daughter and both lit candles to a
  shrine.  The first portion was devoted to their ancestors: red, paint-chipped figurines
  poised in eternal prayer. The second portion housed the statue a historical figure
  who, through his actions, was now revered as a deity. As I looked past a wave of
  floating white smoke and into the woman''s small black eyes, this realization dawned
  on me: this temporal lord had lived in such a way that men consciously exalted him
  to the station of god.  Fully knowing this, this woman and other acolytes came to
  bow down before a myth.  Such a story promised hope, that if one was willing, perhaps
  even strong enough, to live their lives in such a way to inspire devotion, that
  devotion would be returned to them by the burnt incense and bruised knees of followers
  after their death. In the east, this numinous connection ties the living to their
  ancestors in a way that allows us to see the magic of purposeful trust.  This deity
  represents universal human values like friendship, honor, and strength for which
  we strive.  As this woman fills the air with lit incense and prays for strength
  from her ancestors, another girl kneels before a catholic saint in Vatican city
  pleading for her sick children. One more kneels to Freya on the eve of battle and
  another to Neptune in a storm; the way we have always used our stories to connect.  In
  the west, we live on the surface of our transcendent myths as a plea that their
  truth may remain unseen to us.  Yet the myth is enough to keep believing in, even
  if we know it may falter.  In the east, gods symbolize a challenge to live life
  in such a way that one is deified after death. In this way, you become a consciously
  false deity in the minds of your followers but an ideal which others may lit matches
  at your shrine and think hopeful thoughts of self-improvement into an eternally
  empty sky.'
