Title: The Dusty Streets
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-dusty-streets
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Kebalepile Mothoni
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: 'We have been preparing for this trip for almost two days, even though we were
  not going far but we take traveling really seriously. This was my first time ever
  traveling, I was very excited. We left the tarred streets of Johannesburg to the
  dusty streets of Limpopo. The drive is about six hours. We left the house at  ten
  pm, so we were to arrive at 3am, that''s if there was no traffic. Unfortunately,
  there was traffic and we were already bored. To keep ourselves occupied, brother
  and I feasted on the food and snacks my mom had prepared for the road. As we entered
  Limpopo we saw these cute little monkeys taking advantage of the tranquility of
  the night and were eating bananas, probably given to them by the people in the car
  ahead of us. The streets were lit by the full moon.


  As we enjoyed the night''s ride we came across two impalas crossing the road, my
  father had to stop the car in order to avoid hitting them. My brother and I were
  fascinated by seeing these animals roaming the streets as if they owned those streets.
  We were not used to seeing animals roaming the streets, only stray dogs.  we finally
  entered Ga-Seleka, which is the area my grandmother lived. I did not think that
  it was this dusty, the were no tarred roads as in Johannesburg.


  We rested and when we woke up we had to help at the farm, I had to ask my grandmother
  to do house chores instead because of my dear for animals. Well, the impalas and
  monkeys were far from me and I was in a car so I couldn''t be afraid of them because
  I was protected. The place is too different from Johannesburg and the people as
  well. There are no bustling sounds of cars or people. It was tranquil, and the people
  there were so welcoming. I tried to fit in but the could see right through that
  I was from the suburbs. They treated me as if I was the queen of England and I enjoyed
  every experience and the warmth I received.


  The trip taught me that even though we are living in South Africa but we have different
  lives and we enjoy different things. We need to treat people in the same way we
  like to be treated. I went back home more relaxed and happy from the experience'
