Title: 'The life travel: TATTO MEMORY'
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-life-travel-tatto-memory
SetInCountry: Norway
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Miriam Daliani Poli
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: Since I was a child I have always dreamed of the fascinating North, where the
  mountains are white and the sea has the color of the night. I decided and convinced
  my brother to join in this adventure. We left from Fiumicino and after a long change
  in Zurich the following afternoon we finally arrived. Oslo welcomes us with a light
  rain and my brother is immediately exchanged for a local boy, we felt at home. Fortunately,
  the hotel was very close to the center and as soon as we put our suitcases we decided
  to go for a walk to eat something. With a map in hand and the confusion of those
  who barely slept 5 hours in two days, we manage to get to the main square. A long
  walk on the pier and straight to remarry for the next day. The alarm rings pretty
  early and we are ready for the Viking museum, there we see a beautiful design. The
  tree of life and many signs of the Norse for the protection of boats, or what is
  left of them. The museum was in a peninsula near the city accessible by ferry or
  even by land with buses. In that area there is also a museum open on the culture
  of the Norwegian peoples of distant eras. There are the houses of the time, in the
  afternoon they also prepare a typical meal, the Norsk Folkemuseum. The day after
  we decide to take a ride around the city and see the fortress on the sea, a beautiful
  little castle remained at the time when it was custrutito, both inside and outside.
  In the afternoon we prefer to stay in the center and do some shopping, but we are
  fascinated by how the gardens of the royal palace had no kind of recourse, access
  was free to anyone. In the evening a short dinner. The next day we decide to take
  the train without a precise direction and we realize that at some point we are in
  the middle of a forest. As soon as you got off the train you were immersed in nature
  and the animals were all wild, and they were not long in coming. Walking through
  the streets trying to get back to the center, we found ourselves in the largest
  park in Oslo at The Vigaland Park, under the beautiful obelisk that is a symbol
  for the city. The nature, the people, the climate and the food made us understand
  why this country was so loved. We have repeatedly lost ourselves in the immense
  parks scattered throughout the province. One evening to repay some of the immense
  walks we decided to have dinner on board a boat a little special and take a ride
  in the fjords south of Oslo, the main dish were shrimp and the most popular drink
  was beer served in mugs, that I could not even keep. I do not think I've ever eaten
  so many shrimp in my life like that night. In the main square, we were greeted by
  demonstrations, in the pubs it was full of people ready to party. Many of them were
  curious about why so many tourists were ready to visit those places without trying
  to listen to those who live there. The conclusion of this wonderful journey we decide
  to record it in a tattoo studio in the city center. We enter the studio and after
  the thousand security questions get ready to start work. The studio was very reminiscent
  of a 1950s baroque saloon, all hyper clean and tidy. The owners could not wait to
  get to know each other and ask us better why we decided to make this trip. Their
  main question was why a brother and a sister are traveling together and tattooed.
  They did not understand that bond, they did not understand why that trip had dreamed
  so much. In fact it is really difficult to explain. It's been at least 6 years and
  yet I still remember every day there, the smell of roasted salmon and iced beer.
  The design engraved on the Viking ships, however, I have engraved because everyone
  can see it.
