Title: The Ragpickers Community
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-ragpickers-community
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anna Geddes
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: Walking along the crumbling dirt paths which wind through the city of Udaipur
  like criss-crossing threads, the transformation of the streets from a bustling tourist
  destination into the backstreets of slum residencies is evident; the charming vibrant
  facades of tourist buildings melts away to reveal the poverty and decay which haunts
  the town. Stray dogs fight on the street but other than the occasional low growl,
  the roads are eerily quiet. Approaching the slum districts, the feeling of dread
  envelops you as you prepare for the brutal landscape of poverty, the rundown buildings
  crumbling into dust. Entering the clearing, haunting cries of small children echo
  around the empty walls. Suddenly, one child appears. The raggedy, torn clothes hang
  off of his skinny frame, buzzing flies surrounding him like an aura. His face changes;
  from curiosity, to a glowing smile which lights up his face. More children rush
  over, laughing and screaming with excitement. They take our hands, jumping up and
  down and demanding attention. The clearing transforms from an area of desolation
  and sadness to an area of colour and laughter as a sea of children envelop us, chattering
  in their language and demanding to play. Soon, young girls out of curiosity begin
  to look over, their eyes fixed on their young children or siblings. Their eyes dart
  nervously at the strangers, until one girl steps forward and places a single jewel
  on one of our foreheads. Soon, the others too begin to smile and step forward to
  welcome us into the community. One woman paints black lines around our eyes, mimicking
  the makeup that they wear. Soon the lines begin to blur between the ragpickers and
  the travellers as both groups merge into one. The laughs of children and mothers
  alike reverberate around the enclosure, as the children dance and twirl in their
  torn and dirty rags, lighting up the courtyard with technicolour flashes. Udaipur
  is said to be the jewel of India and although a beautiful place, the true jewel
  is the people which bring so much colour and happiness into the town, despite their
  hardships.
