Title: The Best Journey of My Life
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-best-journey-of-my-life
SetInCountry: Sudan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: mohammed omer
AuthorCountry: Sudan
Text: 'There is nothing better than the emotions and feelings one can receive from
  setting out on an adventure. Journeys help us to forget about our everyday issues.
  That is why I want to tell you about the best journey of my life.


  It started at home as I began to pack items for a journey. I was excited because
  my parents and I were going to Thailand, the most interesting place to me. I could
  not imagine what it would be like.


  The first experience we had when we got out of the plane to enter Thailand was the
  tropical, wet, hot air that permeated the environment. We arrived at our hotel on
  the south of Phuket Island. Beauty seemed to be all around us. From the one side
  of the road there was the lush greenery of the tropical forest, from the other there
  were turquoise waves of the Andaman Sea.


  We decided to spend our first days on a cozy seacoast and take a rest from a tiresome
  trip. The weather was wonderful. The sun was shining and the water was so warm,
  placid and limpid that we could see our shadows in it. I had the impression nothing
  else existed in this world besides us, nor the cares of everyday life nor urban
  fuss. We were enjoying every minute of our rest, slowly sipping coconut milk through
  a tube straight out of a coconut. The days were changing from one to another with
  new, bright, unforgettable emotions and impressions.


  We wanted to pass one day away on motorbikes, studying the island. Our trip took
  a whole day and we managed to bike the half of the island riding along the coast.
  The views we saw on our journey showed us another side of local life. People were
  in a hurry going to work or attending other business. The traffic in Thailand is
  extremely busy and noisy. A lot of people ride motorbikes, which is a distinguishing
  feature of Thailand.


  All the way long, we made breaks to taste the delicacies of the local cuisine in
  snack bars. I enjoyed Thai food immensely with its extraordinary combination of
  sweet, sour, and spicy flavors. Sometimes the dishes were so spicy, that tears streamed
  from my eyes.


  We also decided to diversify a bit, and go to less touristic parts of the island.
  Our island was covered by steep hills. The picturesque view of the tropical jungles
  and endless spaces of the sea with many adjoining islands, and the beauty and splendor
  of local nature was opened to us. I was overfilled with the sense of infinite freedom
  and peace of mind. There was the impression that nothing is necessary in life except
  this place and moment.


  It was a truly sad realization when we knew we had to travel back home. The whirlwind
  of emotions and feelings swept over my mind: this is completely another world, with
  its climate, people, food, traditions, and customs that charm and dip you in the
  extraordinary atmosphere of calmness and composure. I remember it now with freshness
  and understand that it was the best journey of my life.'
