Title: ' The hidden surprises in Paraty'
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-hidden-surprises-in-paraty
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Aline Penha
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Start now the memory of a quick trip, not far from home and remember with great
  affection for having been the only trip I did with an aunt who unfortunately is
  no longer in this world: a person with a unique smile and soul, an angel who made
  a beautiful passage here on Earth and who was a true traveler, spent much of his
  life traveling the world.

  Although it happened many years ago, this trip to Paraty (a city in the state of
  Rio de Janeiro - Brazil) was delicious because, besides being a beautiful city,
  it was very important in the history of Brazil while the country still was a colony
  of Portugal. In the past, the city stood out as a port where gold and precious stones
  flowed from Minas Gerais (another Brazilian state) to Portugal. Years later, the
  city became a tourist spot in the country for the preservation of its colonial architecture
  and its natural beauties. The city inspires art, culture and many beauties (islands,
  beaches and beautiful waterfalls) and carries a differentiated energy.

  The first thing I did not expect to find in Paraty was a city without cars. Virtually
  no cars circulate, so everything is done on foot. It is a great destination for
  those who enjoy simple outdoor seating; slippers and sneakers are the main footwear
  that people wear in the city. For those who do not like long walks there is also
  an option to get to know the city through a buggy tour.

  Another thing I had no idea I was going to see in Paraty was ... dolphins! I had
  always been in love with dolphins and had not yet had the opportunity to see them
  in person, very close to me, it was incredible! This happened during a boat trip,
  specific for tourists, in which we strolled through the main islands and beaches
  of Paraty. The best thing is that during the tour, there are several stops to dive
  and delight in those paradisiac waters.

  Besides walking through the historical center of the city and getting to know the
  beaches and islands during the day, there is no way to go to Paraty and do not stop
  to eat in one of the beautiful restaurants of the city. On one of the nights I was
  there, my family and I decided to stop at a cute restaurant specializing in crepes.
  What I didn''t expect to find there were the restaurant owners themselves serving
  customers with a distinct accent. To summarize: it was a restaurant specializing
  in traditional French cuisine, attended by the owners, who were native French and
  very friendly; it was a super cozy atmosphere and with a delicious food!

  Remembering this trip brought me great happiness. I honestly do not know how I did
  not go back to this incredible place, which is a few miles from my city, the "wonderful
  city": Rio de Janeiro.'
