Title: The Green Island Challenge - becoming a family superhero
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-green-island-challenge-becoming-a-family-superhero
SetInCountry: Azores
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Jackie O Halloran
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'Mesmerised by the rippled water below, my mind pleaded but my body declined.
  I pumped my knees and I swung my arms to the beat of the mantra in my head, jump...jump...jump.


  Three days earlier I had arrived in Ponta Delgada with my 13-year-old son to experience
  the beauty of Sao Miguel, one of 9 volcanic islands in the Azores archipelago.  We
  would come to know it as the place of blue and green crater lakes, forests and ocean;
  pink, purple and lavender-blue hydrangeas; and cows, lots of cows.


  Our mountain biking and kayaking adventure began at Lagoa das Furnas with our guide,
  a local Azorian man who had an entertaining smile, and open friendly chat that showed
  his passion for the island. Cycling around the lake, we were surrounded by dense
  forest on the crater slopes which rose so high they cocooned us, leading the eye
  up to the sky.


  After 31 kilometres of exploring the Furnas valley, and the distinct sulphurous
  smell of the fumaroles, we had earned a rest at Terra Nostra. We wallowed in the
  brown, mineral filled water of the thermal pools, concrete funnels spewing out hot
  water with force, pummelling our bodies and aiding recovery.


  Our next trip was to Sete Cidades, the epitome of Sao Miguel as paradise.  We were
  joined by our second guide, a young Spanish woman full of enthusiasm, who built
  a wonderful rapport with my son.  At Monte Palace and Vista do Rei we viewed the
  twin blue and green lakes, formed from the tears of parted lovers, one green and
  one blue-eyed.


  Our final day was spent canyoning at Ribeira dos Caldeiroes.  At 48-years-old and
  with a fear of heights, this would be the biggest challenge, but well worth the
  effort to earn some kudos with my son.


  We began by squeezing into wetsuits, though I was really trussed up in a neoprene
  straight jacket.  I waddled up the forest path following my son, steaming in the
  morning heat.  Rapid, heavy breaths and duck like gait.


  Passing other tourists, our rubber uniform singled us out as a group about to have
  some serious fun.  We were joined by another family and I was emboldened by the
  other mum being similar in age and ability.


  At the first rappel I volunteered to go first, with the knowledge that waiting would
  build my anxiety.  Our guide beckoned me to sit out on the edge of the rock ledge.  I
  had decided to go without my glasses, blurred vision bolstering my confidence.  He
  tied the rope to my harness and I leaned myself backwards off the rock edge, legs
  angled at 90 degrees to my upper body.  Slowly I lowered myself, feeding the rope,
  taking one step at a time.  I rappelled down the waterfall, 14 metres high, and
  arrived at the bottom, on my bottom, my legs still at right angles to my torso.  I
  was down and I felt like a pro.


  We travelled downstream through the valley and it was here we were closest to the
  lush, green forest.  Arriving at the first jump,  4 or 5 metres above a deep rock
  pool, I pumped my knees and swung my arms, over and over.  Finally, I jumped.  Where
  my feet had been cemented to the rock, they then plummeted through the air into
  the pool below.  I was relieved and refreshed all at once.


  Our journey continued with rock slides, higher jumps and even higher rappels.  We
  finished having loved every minute and I a touch closer to superhero status.


  With a kiss on the cheek and a tinge of sadness we said goodbye to our guides, wishing
  each other well.  Their fun, warm and supportive manner being so much part of our
  experience.


  I have been fortunate to have had some magical travel experiences with my son, but
  this was our last for some time. As the teenage years arrive, the lure of screens
  and a busy schedule grow bigger.  Our experiences on Sao Miguel have allowed us
  to strengthen our bond and build lasting memories, not forgetting being our audition
  for the next superhero movie.'
