Title: The world is full of filters
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-world-is-full-of-filters
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Aditi Datt
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Its rare isnt it that you accept yourself and  your circumstances. The more
  you run from the truth and try to decide for you the more destiny plays its part.This
  is a story of gigglemug Pharmacy student who''s life revolved around gym and her
  friends.she was in7th heaven when she came to know shes going to USA but again things
  changed. It was Feb 13 , I never actuallg have travelled from a long time so I was
  happy . Also it was tough to be with the people you hardly know. When we reached
  hotel I felt Its HMUN and i need to prepare . I was a first timer and confused for
  sure but also fascinated by all pop and show. Meeting people from 52 countries and
  different culture was the best part. You know what was weird , the more We are told
  to hate pakistan the more we are similar and attached to the. Being an Indian with
  the same mindset I had walls built already and I was surprised when I connected
  with them so well. It proves that boundaries are just on maps.I felt like she''s
  my long lost sister and that was weird to feel that way. This is how I met strangers
  that taught me what life is , bidding her a good bye was tough but there were new
  people . My family members , inever met them like never and It was weird to be in
  a house full of strangers , It was tough to adapt and adjust but I tried . I met
  my sister  and my brothers. I found that they are good people . The boundaries ,
  the filters , the thoughts we have for certain people is not always correct. Vibes
  are a thing and I strongly believe they are 90% correct but those 10% .

  Making opinions is so easy about certain people but we dont know how they have evolved
  . People built walls around them and thats okay , we all have built walls around
  us. But its not that dificult to break them. Knowing people and cultures is how
  you evolve as a person. Life is short and we have so much to do.'
