Title: The eyes of the soul
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-eyes-of-the-soul
SetInCountry: Morocco
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Juliana Gomes
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'In our daily routine we see a lot of things. However, do we really look at
  them? We''re always running from place to place and hardly ever stop to appreciate
  what life has to offer and truly admire our surroundings. Traveling is a leap into
  de unknown: that special moment when time decides to slow down and let you live
  every second like the greatest adventure of all.

  For me, Morocco was a destiny off the beaten path. It was my first time ever in
  Africa and I was beyond excited with the possibilities that were waiting for me
  just across the ocean. Even though I had many expectations before getting there,
  I still managed to surprise myself with the wonders of such a different place from
  everywhere else I''ve been before. When you meet a culture that is totally new,
  you realize how creative God were when He made such beautiful and unique countries
  by their own. Going to the Blue City was like stepping into a painting. It seemed
  that I was in an unreal place, but at the same time the people and climate were
  so alive and well it felt weird and incredible. It gave me a thrill to hear a language
  that I didn''t know. It''s fascinating to discover new sounds and words. I''ve managed
  to learn a few expressions and communicate a little with the locals. I''ve loved
  to try their food! I think the culinary says a lot about the culture and getting
  to taste a new flavour makes a stronger connection to the place that once was new.
  It''s really good the sensation of getting acquainted with a place. Time is capable
  of turning your surroundings part of who you are and change you a little bit day
  by day. (But we already agreed that time works different when we''re traveling,
  right?)

  Traveling not just make you look better and calmer to everything around you; it
  opens the eyes of the soul. Your horizon is expanded and your vision grow wider
  and bolder. To travel is to change, inevitably. You get your own wings and are capable
  of flying away to discover not only new places, but yourself. You realize how big
  the world is and how tiny are you problems. A change of perspective is all we need
  sometimes, isn''t it?

  Deciding to go to Morocco was amazing. The adrenaline was pulsing through my veins
  the moment I bought my tickets. What can I say? I just can''t resist a good adventure.
  I''ve been to such a small piece of the african continent and was incredibly touched.
  I really need to see more of that! I know there are problems and things to improve
  there and in every part of the planet. We''re humans, the imperfections make us
  what we are. The trips makes us better and improves our humanity from inside out.
  How about trying it? I''m not sure about stamps in you passport, but I guarantee
  you''ll get a lot of stamps irrevocably marked in your heart.'
