Title: The World I didn&#39;t know Before
DateModified: '2019-02-16'
DatePublished: '2019-02-16'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-world-i-didn-t-know-before
SetInCountry: Korea South
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Winda Evans
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: First let me introduce myself. I am Winda Evans, 26 years old female from Indonesia.
  Let me tell you an interesting stories about what happen to my life about traveling.
  My first trip is in 2013 with my family to HongKong, and after that trip I want
  to travel more with or without my Family. After that I graduated from my collage,
  get job, and make my mindset to work and saving then travel every year at least
  once. And my stories started when I went to South Korean in 2016. I ask about my
  Kpop friend to accompany me to South Korea, and of course because she is a Kpop
  fan so she want to go there. And after that we are looking for airplane ticket 1
  year before (2015) and yeah thats low cost airplane fare. We prepare the itinerary
  by ourself with help from others blog, we prepare our visa and last not least exchange
  our money. After the long preparation, 2 months before that we had some drama that
  my boss didn't approve my day off letter. Okay after 1 month approach He approved
  it with several agreements. Its D-day 14 March 2016! we first transited in Kuala
  Lumpur. And we stay at the airport until our flight to Korea the next day. On the
  plane to Korea we meet with fellow travelers. After checking the itinerary it turns
  out the hotel and our trip are similar. That's where we decided to become traveling
  companions. We becomes a group of 4 people. We are getting closer and our journey
  becomes more fun, where we are get lost together and getting to know to other travelers.
  I'm close with one of them, and because of that we plan our next trip! we become
  travel buddy. We went to Japan together! Actually that moment, I changed the way
  I thought about traveling, that I do not need to be afraid to determined who I go
  with. I have visited Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore by myself and have always made
  new friends in every country. Even this year I have a plan to go to New Zealand,
  even though it's not clear when. But I am always positive that this trip might come
  true. Therefore I am interest about Portugal, and hope I can be chosen. I hope my
  story is interesting, this is the world I didn't know before I know that traveling
  alone or not will make you have more friends, Thank you for your attention
