Title: The chai-wala of Agartala
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-chai-wala-of-agartala-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Emma Rossi
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'The story of the life of the "chai-wala" of Agartala is something we don''t
  know. Even him, he doesn''t know: he has no words to describe is life. Actually,
  his life is easy and simple: he makes tea on the pavement in front of the College
  of Agartala. The story of the life of every "chai-wala" of India is the same: making
  tea for whoever meets his "chai-stall" long the way. Every tea sould be sweet and
  ready-made. So was my encounter with him: wandering on the pavements of Agartala,
  I met him. I was waiting for a break, running from one meeting to another one. His
  "chai" was sweet, and our meeting sweeter: he asked where I came from, why I was
  in Agartala. He couldn''t understand the name of my home country: <<I am from Italy>>.
  He had never heard of a place called Italy. His mind was trying to remember whether
  in India there is a place called Italy, probably a village somewhere in Assam. Assam
  was the farest place he knows, his imagination couldn''t go farer. I drank my hot
  "chai", I paid my bill, and went to my next meeting.

  But the memory of that encounter was still alive. I didn''t know anything about
  his life, however I could imagine it. I didn''t know anything about him, however
  I could drawn a portrait of him. The memory of him walked with me all the day long.
  Then came the night, and the memory of him was still vivid and actual. I kept him
  and his unknown story with me for the next few days. Then I left Agartala, however
  I kept him with me: he travelled with me all over India, then I brought him to Italy
  with me, when time to go back arrived. And he is still with me, in every day. It
  was a kind human encounter, made of sweet memory. It was unexpected and unpredictable,
  but I made him travel with me. Him, the poor man who never left Agartala, the pooor
  "chai-wala" who never went outside of Agartala.

  So, my memory of Agartala is as sweet as his "chai", as kind as his words, as gentle
  as his figure. I have never thought of going back to Agartala, because Agartala
  is with me everywhere I go, and he is with me every step I take. I know, I hope,
  he is still there making "chai" in front of the College of Agartala, he is there
  waiting for new customers and new encounters. And Agartala, a small city forgotten
  by God on the border between India and Bangladesh, is a gentle place for whoever
  wants to have the sweetest "chai" of the life: it is a city built of emotions, where
  roads are made of sugar and trees are made of tea leaves. I don''t know anything
  of his life, and he doesn''t know anything about mine: but we don''t need anything
  more. I just needed a hot tea, few small talks, and a gentle smiling. He needed
  a loyal customer, a kind person, another human being with whom ask about their origin.
  That I was me, wearing my "salwaar kameez". I confused him: a white-complexion young
  lady who was speaking with him in the local language, busy in manly business, with
  a foreign accent. He didn''t know anything about me: that is fair enough for both
  of us to keep going on with our daily routine, but with a as-sweet-as-his-tea memory
  is our pocket, impressed in our life events.'
