Title: The Shark Named Panic
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-shark-named-panic
SetInCountry: Belize
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Dav\xEDd Ocsav"
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The adventure had begun and it was rocky. Dirt roads and ditches made me feel
  like I was in a washing machine. Two of the three jeeps made a detour and we continued
  along the dirt road to the boat dock. "They went to get cookies." said the driver
  looking over to me as I was bouncing around looking through a cracked windshield.
  "Cookies" I yelled. "Yes, coconut cookies". I was like ok. Cookies. Everybody has
  their vice in some way I guess. Palm trees were passing by so fast that I had a
  permanent view of the ocean. I couldn't help but think soon I'll be diving in there.
  I was confused about the cookies though. All of this beauty around me and I'm thinking
  about cookies. Well, I tried one of those coconut cookies and quickly understood
  the reason for the detour. Absolutely delicious, I never tasted better. The dock
  was in site and I sensed this was a loose operation but for some reason I love situations
  like these. The horizon was gorgeous, like the first time you see shapes as a child.
  I was and looking forward to spending time with my underwater friends on the way
  to the dive site. We checked everything and were "good to go." I could hear the
  mono Garifuna music playing amongst the laughter. The vibe in the salty beach air
  gave the feeling they were quite experienced but I just rolled with it. Good times.
  I snorkeled before but I needed the run down so I broke the ice. The boat was loud.
  "Belikin anyone!?", I shouted!? I passed them around before shouting, "It's been
  a while for me." It worked, sort of. All the advice, gone in the sound of the engine.
  I was nodding yes as if I understood everything but I didn't. The adrenaline and
  nervousness sunk in as we arrived at the dive site. I prefer to get lost with little
  to no schedule and I definitely completed that goal.  As we suited up, the single
  piece of advice that I remembered was, "Pull this if you panic." Sounds easy enough.
  I wanted to ask more questions but I have a good instinct for learning new things.
  Now I was naked on the runway. I'm leaning back, and into the water I go. After
  twenty minutes into the dive, I thought I was at a dangerous depth due to what I
  thought was a change in visibility. I also thought I had sort of drifted away from
  the boat. This was an amateur operation and the hinges were about to come loose.
  It was calm yet eerie. The sound and the rhythm of the breathing regulator becoming
  faster and faster started making me nervous and then I turned around noticing I
  could see the silhouette of a fellow diver above so I swam towards what I thought
  was a person and noticed it was a blow up doll. I quickly turned around again as
  if a ghost tapped me on the shoulder and a Caribbean Reef Shark was right in front
  of me. In my mind I said that's it, "Pull the Panic". I was expecting about a 12
  to 25 second ascent. It was less than five seconds. The driver of the boat was laughing
  so hard he couldn't help me get my gear in the boat. "You were watching me that
  entire time!? He was still laughing and it was contagious as I started laughing
  before asking "But what was with the blow up doll!? He said "It's for the rookies."
  It was a moment that turned out to be the story of the evening and many good friends
  were made that beautiful day. Placencia has a calmness about it, especially in the
  evening. You hear the music filtered through the palm trees while food is sizzling
  and the sea rolls in like an endless vinyl record. The moonlight filters through
  the cracks in the stilted cabanas. It was the definition of detachment. A void I
  think so many of us are trying to fill desperately in a backwards world. Silence,
  Peace, and Love. A beautiful place and a story I'll never forget.
