Title: The wake-up call
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-wake-up-call
SetInCountry: Morocco
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: ESSADIQ LAKBIRI
AuthorCountry: Morocco
Text: 'It was  one of the very hard decisions in my life, when I decided to go for
  a trip with my friends. We were heading to a place called Agulliz, thirty Kilometers
  away from my city; Tata. What made the decision even hard was that we had to go
  by bikes. I had now idea that I might not succeed achieving such fulfillment. On
  Sunday, as I still remember, I woke very early to meet my friends at our usual meeting-place.
  Things went smooth except for our friend Abdu, who always keep us wait; I appreciate
  that, for I love people when they behave themselves. After having ourselves gathered,
  we started biking repeating the sentence: "In the name of God", which is simply
  used by all Muslims when wanting to start a trip, eating, or every single action.
  I was lucky being surrounded by motivated friends. The first minutes were very easy;
  however, for those who don''t believe in their potentials; it might be a challenge.
  As for me, I was always that kind of motivated person except for that challenge.
  Scarcely, we all made it to that place safe due to challenging ourselves. It was
  worth it. The place was astonishingly beautiful. The waterfall was alive, and the
  mourn lament, emotional serinity was prevailing. The first thing we did, was preparing
  tea, for it is a tradition. To some extent, I felt I can live there for good. As
  hours goes, time for lunch came; my friend and I prepared the plate, it was a delicious
  plate of meat and vegetables. After having had luch; some of us decided to climb
  the mountain, from which the water falls, some were taking pictures, and as for
  me; I was meditative. It was the great moment in which I discovered my love to serinity
  and natural beauty. I had a long dialogue with myself. I appreciated how things
  worked, more than I have expected. From that time, I decided to travel, journey,
  trip time to time, for it is the medication of tired souls. Sometimes, one needs
  to take risks, so to experience and explore. I was greatly grateful for nor surrendering
  on myself back them.  It was the chance I would never believe to get again. Because,
  sometimes, chances could not be given twice. That trip was my formula toward undesrtanding
  my own self. Thanks God for such opportunity. It opened the doors, which I were
  once closed. After that experience, I got more confident a brave. My self-esteem
  as well as confidence has grown to the extent that I no more wanted to stop traveling
  in general. Traveling, whether by plane, cars, feet, or bikes, has the same purpose;
  which is, that the traveler looks at things from different angle. Lots of problems
  seem to be complicated when looking at them from the inside. Yes, even the way life
  was looked at could chance due to many reasons. Some of which are, the world is
  diverse, life is worth it. Furthermore, the interaction with new people, whether
  those belonging to the same culture or from other parts of the world; is the best
  part of traveling, at least for me. I have made a local connection with the nature
  and it''s beauty.'
