Title: The Hidden Paradise
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-hidden-paradise
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sherelyn Vellacarta
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: The Philippines is known to be one of the smallest countries. I grew up in this
  country and travel a lot of places here. When I was younger, I dreamed to go abroad
  and search for some beautiful destinations. When I'm 17, I started to travel locally.
  I've visited a lot of beaches, hike some mountains, and goes to a native community.
  I have some relatives there in the mountains and I've decided to stay there for
  one week to celebrate the "fiesta". In that place, there is no wifi, no cellular
  phone signal but has electricity. Almost all of the people there was a farmer and
  can be said that the community was away from technologies. The life there was just
  simple and plain. I don't even have a chance to check my phone all the time cause
  it's useless. I swam in the river, take a bath in the falls, caught some fresh fish
  in the river, harvest fruits and vegetables in the farm, feed the animals in the
  barn, hike the peak where I can see the whole city. As I am walking, I've seen a
  hut and decided to go there. There was a cradle tied up and I decided to sit in
  there. It is a hot afternoon and the place is so quiet. Birds are chirping, the
  wind is blowing up my face, the air breeze was so fresh coming from the scent of
  the flowers. I am looking back what I've done these past days was so memorable and
  priceless! This time I've enjoyed and appreciate nature without any disturbances.
  My point of view of that place was changed, it is not the simple and plain community
  as I've said before. In that small place, there's a hidden paradise. All of the
  people were kind and generous. They were contented with their lives and enjoy the
  beauty of nature every day. That's the time my mindset change, I said to myself,
  I will not only focus on famous and known destinations, someday I will travel and
  seek a place and discovered some hidden paradise like this.
