Title: The owner of Butter
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-owner-of-butter
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: "J\xE9ssica Patr\xEDcia  Paiva dos Santos"
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'The year is 2017 and I am packing my bags. I had just decided to move to another
  city in search of the unknown. And can put unknown in that, after all everything
  was going to change. I am going to live away from my family and friends, towards
  a new city where I did not know nothing and no one.

  While I am packing my bags, I wonder what will be waiting for me, and as much as
  I thought about it,  I could not even get close.

  I had good days and hard days in this period, and I am thankful that with them I
  learned things I did not expect. On one of those difficult days, I decided to go
  for a walk and think for a bit. I sat on a very humble carousel in a park. After
  a while, a girl approached with her father. She looked at me and asked if I''d like
  to play with her. I opened a smile and went to play with the beautiful little girl.
  We spent hours in that park, playing and smiling. The girl, very kindly told me
  about her life, her school and about Butter (the name she chose fondly to call her
  kitty). "Butter?" I asked her.  "Yes, when she has puppies, I''ll give one to you."
  And I was surprised by that answer.

  I had never seen this little girl before, but that meeting said otherwise. It seemed
  like we had known each other for years. We were so connected that I did not even
  notice the time to pass, it was when her father approached and said that it was
  time to go home. She was reluctant because she did not want to go. But her father
  convinced her. She got up, looked me in the eyes and said that she wanted me to
  get to know the Butter, some day. She gave me a big hug and left. I, who had left
  the house with sad eyes, came back full of gratitude for meeting this girl.

  After that day, I never saw this little girl again and never know her cat. But the
  owner of Butter has marked my life forever. In that day, she saved me. The simplicity
  of that moment, makes me smile always remembering that day. And that''s how I write
  this report, smiling.'
