Title: The beginning of my life
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-beginning-of-my-life
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: yamile brandan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'This story started when I was 12 years old. that''s the funny part, that the
  beginning of my life didn''t start at my birth, it  started when I had the age enought  to
  understand how enormously giant is the world. I landed in Maui, I remember, looking
  from the plane the landscape, the red land, and the pineapple fields, the irregularities
  of the land, the wind blowing the palm threes and how the color of the water turned
  into white foam when it touched the sand.

  I always lived in Argentina, in a small city, and never get the chance of felling
  the entire globe as HOME, and that day, I knew I was free, I connected inmediatly
  with that adventure and I was enormously happy to embark on a journey of life that
  will never end.

  Maui, Hawaii, is an island in the pacific. its not just surf around and Hawaiian
  tropic. Hawaii has a tremendous story, about the beggining of the land, every place
  you get to visit, its sacred temple of nature, inhabited by the gods, ancestors
  and especially the goddess creative Pele of HAWAII.

  I remember one night I slept into de Haleakala crater, it felt like it was a movie,
  or I just was sleeping on the moon, I never saw that much stars, and that wind on
  my face made me realize how rich I was, by having the opportunity of connecting
  that deep with nature. Haleakala is an non active volcano, also called house of
  sun, and I can say, I can try to give my best for you to understand the meaning
  of the name, by I think the feelings you get when you can see a sunrise or a sunset
  from there is hardly to express, but the mainly word I can bring up for you is peaceful,
  love, great full. is a blessing and a miracle in a life time everybody should experience.
  and there, as I told you, is where my life started. I never felt that way again,
  and I''m hopping to learn new feelings everyday with each travel I make, because
  I think that''s the sense in life, experiencing the feelings that nature and culture
  and history could give you, and try to share my own life and story, with those who
  have not yet decided to start their lives.'
