Title: The bush pub
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-bush-pub
SetInCountry: Madagascar
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Karel Dimitri
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: He seemed to have appeared from nowhere as he paddled his canoe towards our
  yacht. In broken French, he tried to persuade me that he would be our guide for
  the day; a small trek through the jungle, a weekly market and music at the nearby
  village. We had intended to leave later that afternoon. We are sea nomads, and the
  underwhelming anchorage convinced us that it's time to explore some other bay.  But
  the few words I understood from my new friend and his insistent eyes, tugged at
  my sense of adventure. Will I now be able to persuade my husband, who, is not at
  all fond of markets? I causally mention it to him, trying to make the excursion
  sound like a wonderful hike worthy of any National Geographic photographer, that
  this might be a great opportunity to mingle with locals, that really, there is no
  need for us to leave just yet.  Much to my surprise, he agrees. With excitement
  and far less convincing words, I invite our friends on the neighboring yacht to
  join. We proceed in one tender, towing Fidel's canoe precariously, for what seems
  miles, and, as far as I could see, there were no villages in sight. Is this a good
  idea?  After several minutes of worrying that his small timber boat would add to
  the flotsam and jetsam of the bay, he directs us to a beach. We follow him eagerly
  and discover a wonderful waterfall surrounded by a few scattered huts. This is my
  village is tells us proudly. He introduces us to his sister who is tending a small
  garden and rushes to his hut. He emerges a few minutes later with a clean shirt
  and fashionable jeans. He looks smart but out of place, in this semi-jungle. We
  return to our tender and this time he climbs in with us, leaving his canoe safely
  tied to a palm tree. A few minutes later we land our dinghy on a nearby empty beach.
  His excitement is palpable as he scrambles out of the boat towards an invisible
  trail. We follow with trepidation wondering silently where this will take us. After
  an hour of climbing, in the heat of the day, I begin to doubt. We all do. I feel
  responsible as I am the one that dragged the others here. My imagination is running
  wild with images of huge black cauldrons awaiting unsuspecting tourists!! Finally,
  just as fatigue, boredom and heat were threatening to turn this excursion into a
  nightmare, the village appears in a luscious green valley.  Distorted noise from
  boom boxes, cooking smells and colors from the wares displayed on the blankets assault
  our senses and welcome us.  It's indeed, like Fidel promised, a huge market, spread
  out on the makeshift paths that separate the huts. It seems like the whole village
  is gathered around, exchanging pleasantries, making this, the social event of the
  week. Small children gawk at us, not used to seeing pales faces! We stoop and "high
  five" the more daring ones!  They want to show us the school, the tiny medical clinic
  and we oblige only too pleased to be able to visit a traditional village. But the
  2 hour walk in the heat has taken it's toll. A short re-hydrating break would be
  welcome. Without too much hope, I ask our guide if there is anywhere we can sit
  and have a drink. He immediately walks on gesturing us to follow. As we approach
  a couple of huts which are set apart from the bulk of the village, we hear music
  and happy voices.  We walk through the beaded curtains into a dark interior only
  to find ourselves in, what we later dubbed the "bush pub".  The noise stops for
  a split second, then a few of them organize a table for us. Behind the bar, a beaming
  toothless man holds aloft a beer bottle, like an offering. Despite the warm beer,
  we are happy to rest our sore feet and share in this unique atmosphere! And we count
  ourselves lucky that our new friends are only interested in selfies with us and
  not the dreaded dip in the cauldron!
