Title: The hidden coffee shop
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-hidden-coffee-shop
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Gabriela Xavier
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: A few years ago i was traveling with some friends around British Columbia in
  Canada. We rent a car and after visit tourist spots and cities that were crowded
  and had so many things happening at the same time, we decided to just follow the
  road and see what we could find between all that nature. It already enchanted me
  when we passed by farms and they were so different from those where i grow up in
  my country, we also ice skating in frozen rivers and went to lookouts on the top
  of huge mountains. By that time i was already stunning with that place and all the
  breathtaking views, i felt my body getting filled with excitement a little bit more
  in each stop we made, but was certainly the last one, the most unlikely one, that
  really surprised me. In some point trying to get back to the main road we saw a
  tiny street between white pine trees, the floor was frozen, there was snow everywhere
  and not a single noise, we followed that way and ended up in a coffee shop that
  first we thought it was closed cause there was absolutely nothing around. Right
  after we get off the car a woman apeard and opened the door for us. She was extremely
  friendly, told us about that place that worked at full blast during the winter olympics
  but now was severely calm. It was a large and bright space, so warm and silent.
  We got in and sat on a sofa close to the hearth and in front of a glass wall. It
  was snowing outside and i stopped for a moment to watch small flakes fall. I could
  notice the ski trails around the mountains desapearing and remembered thinking about
  how that place should look different full with people. The lady brought us some
  cookies and milk, they were warm and smelled so good that i started to salivate.
  The moment i taste it, crunchy on the outside and wet inside, with drops of melted
  chocolate, i new it was the best cookie i have ever had in my entire life. In the
  end, was between the mountains, snow and pine trees, in an empty coffee shop, while
  i appreciated the view, heard the roar of wood burning and savored that wonderful
  cookie that all the exciment feeling got away, i started to pay attention on the
  details, felt the smell, heard the sounds and perceived how the white color could
  have so many different shades. I went out for a walk, stopped in the meaddle of
  an open field, took of my gloves, let the snow fakes fall in my hand and closed
  my eyes. I literaly slow down, my body was taken by such a great peace and i can
  swear i have never felt so alive.
