Title: The mesmerizing Dongargarh
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-mesmerizing-dongargarh-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Subhashree Bhattacharya
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Traveling gives you a sense of exploring yourself through nature. I was pissed
  off with the daily routine. So I decided to take a break and explore an unknown
  place. At 3:30am I took a train. I didn't even had a ticket as it was an unplanned
  trip to Dongargarh, Chhattisgarh. I reached Dongargarh at 9am. As my train halted
  I saw the beautiful mountains covering the entire city. I took a cup of coffee.
  Then started for the trek to Bumleshwari temple. Throughout the trek you will find
  varieties of Flora and Fauna. After that , I went to see  Pragyagiri . It has a
  huge idol of Lord Buddha . The idol is located on the top of the mountains. On reaching
  here you will find a sense of contentment and inner peace. I climbed another mountain
  on the other side of Pragyagiri. While I was climbing on this mountain I was in
  complete alert mode as the way to top is totally sloppy. On reaching the top I got
  a complete view of the city. The city was covered with fog and the dew on the leaves
  shined when the sunlight stroke it. This trip was really special for me as it was
  an unplanned solo trip. At every point I was curious what would happen next. If
  you truly wanna get lost in the lap of nature . Then Dongargarh is the perfect place.
  The city gets it's name through mountains. As Dongargarh means the city of mountains.
  The food and transportation facilities are good and reasonable here. But as I love
  to walk. I explored the whole city by walking. The view is just so splendid that
  you won't get tired by the walk . If you need some time for introspection or wanna
  get some fresh air then immediately pack your bags and land in Dongargarh. The people
  are really jolly here. Overall I enjoyed the trip so much that I can definitely
  say it was one of the best trips of my life!
