Title: 'The interesting  year '
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-interesting-year
SetInCountry: Algeria
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anis Boukezzoula
AuthorCountry: Algeria
Text: '2017, yes it was a really horrible year for me, i was a student at High school
  and I had an important Exam, this last was on the tongues of all mens, younges,
  boyes, women, ancle ,mum...... it was the bachelor exam (the key of your life).

  After the battle that I have done for a whole year, I success and get this exam
  with a good note so I informed my family that I need to make same change in my life.
  Travel is one of the most important activity man do for amusement and enjoyment.
  So I will talk about a trip I made to Algiers accompanied by my close friends. We
  began to prepare the trip, prepare the necessary equipments. I prepared food and
  drink for the trip. The food contained sandwiches, juices and dessert, at the same
  time my friend prepared entertainment and  fun necessary during the trip. We contacted
  the tourism company one day before the trip to confirm the date and place of the
  bus. We woke up early in the morning and took our bags to the bus, the distance
  between the city where I live and the  place of the trip is 200 km, the bus took
  2 hours to get to place. The good feeling started on the way, we saw high mountains
  covered with snow, after we saw also a wild rabbit crossing the road in front of
  the bus, it was very pretty and agile. The river was surrounded by luscious green
  grass and tall, windy trees, the water was icy-cold, it was available which has
  contributed to the spread of greenery, plants and green grasses. The thing that
  surprised me, the nature of the area was harsh and did not have many aspects of
  life due to the scarcity of water. After, we stoped for a break on the way to stayed
  at a tremondous    and amazing resort that had a pool. After, we had our lunch in
  a forest, it was characterized by its open and refreshing atmosphere which is suitable
  for sport, it has many trees and pets and a small lake with ducks. The lunch was
  very delicious with lots of varieties to choose from. Then, we visited the beach
  and participated in all water sports and activities. Next, we visited a zoo and
  it was a part of our programme. We saw elephants playing in the big water and sprayed
  with water from the same trunk and we heard the roar of lion who spread terror in
  all and laughed on the movements of the monkeys and we saw the beauty and creativity
  of God''s creation in the colors of birds. It was a really magnificent moment. Finally,
  we saw the saw that mountain was really near, so we went hiking, the scene is spectacular
  there. My favourite activity was the boat ride. It was an incredible time, I am
  still thinking about the barbeque night we had there, the smell of food was unbelievable.
  In fact, it was one of the best summer trips planned with my friends to celebrate
  our sucess of bachelor exam.

  After the trip, we thanked the tourism company of bus for their great efforts and
  commitment to the programme.

  it was a really amazing year and interesting , mix with terrible moments of studies
  and the hapiness of sucess and trip. i hope i can do that in portugal this summer
  . why not!'
