Title: The unexplored island
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-unexplored-island
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: ELENI assarioti
AuthorCountry: Greece
Text: It was one of those unexpectably hot  sunny days of February when me and some
  friends drove throughout south eastern part of the of the island of Crete .After
  a long drive  we made a stop for some lunch in the Gulf Elounda which is located
  in the north-eastern side of the island. We found ourselves really lucky that we
  managed to get some really really nice local  fish in the only one open place  in
  the area at that time,  right next the sea. From where we were sitting we could
  see the island of Spinalonga, known for its really sad story since it was  used
  as a leper colony from 1903 to 1957. After a little chat with the restaurant owner
  , he asked a fisherman , Giannis ,to take us across the island with his small fishing
  boat . It took 20 to 25 minutes to get there but the it is an experience none of
  us will ever forget. The story goes back to  1578 when the Venetians charged the
  engineer Genese Bressani to plan the island's fortifications. He created blockhouses
  at the highest points of the northern and southern side of the island, as well as
  a fortification ring along the coast that closed out any hostile disembarkation.
  It is the island where lepers from Crete and the rest of Greece were quarantined
  until 1957. when we reached the island we  there was a  seperate entrance that was
  used for the lepers ,known as a "Dante's Gate". This was so named because the patients
  did not know what was going to happen to them once they arrived. We took a walk
  at  the the caves where the lepers  at first lived without having the  basic amenities.
  According to Giannis as the days were passing by  the inhabitants learned to live
  with their desease, started creating their own society, being more active , not
  having a lot of choices. Later on when the cure was descovered people left the island
  there was a widespread looting .The time to leave Spinalonga had arrived. Giannis
  was preparing his boat and we were standing there still staring for one more time
  at the beautiful scenery while at the same time leaving the place with  created
  mixed feelings .Defenately was a trip we will never forget.
