Title: The Light on the Path
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-light-on-the-path
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sina Kural
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'Travelers and adventurers often seek to cross borders that break comfort zones.
  However, in order to reach those unknown horizons, we often need to fly- and experience
  the most discomfort while still feeling free and inspired. Ironically, traveling
  limit the very freedom we chase. According to Skyscanner, only one percent of travelers
  choose the middle seat over the window or aisle. The seats are all the same but
  psychologically, we seek our freedom to be comfortable.


  I''m a true believer in the power of travel. (Like most of the millennial, hipster
  type adventurer) I believe that traveling is not only physical transportation but
  it also takes the mind into uncharted territory. According to Paul Nussbaum, "...travel
  puts us into a novel and a challenging situation we are not familiar with, so we''re
  using our cortex." This activation can cause our brain to explore new dendrites,
  which are tiny branches that pull in information from the outside world. The "unknown"
  is what is appealing to our brain and its what pushes us to be comfortable with
  the uncomfortable.


  In 2014, I went through a big mental breakdown. I didn''t have any energy and lacked
  my sense of life. On a rainy and foggy day in Vancouver, I was having coffee with
  a friend from my university. He was full of life, excited and enthusiastic about
  everything, while I was hating everything about "life". I didn''t have a life. Instead,
  I was a living organism who goes through the same monotone schedule and worked like
  a robot. While I was thinking these in the back of my mind, he asked if I wanted
  to go on a trip to Asia. I have never thought about traveling on my own. I was scared
  and nervous about that kind of stuff. Then, we ended up searching for volunteer
  opportunities in Asia. The title was "Living in the Buddhist Monastery". Wow! That
  is interesting. I ended up booking my flight and started to worry about the "unknown".
  Working with Buddhist monks was a big leap, I thought. It felt like I''m going to
  war with firing gun sounds in the background. In June 2014, I was in Kathmandu,
  Nepal living in a Buddhist Temple for a month. I had the best time of my life, I
  rediscovered what I can do when I didn''t have any energy.


  For all those travelers, things do fall into place once you are there. Just move,
  go and take the leap!'
