Title: The first time I travel alone
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-first-time-i-travel-alone
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Hadeer Salah
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: Egypt is learning the money to learn in the largest schools in the world where
  the daily events are different and new. The face of every person you see tells you
  a story you know of its features and expressions and whether it is a sad story or
  a happy one. You will rejoice with him if you find him laughing spontaneously and
  grieve when you see the frown of a face. This was the first time I traveled alone
  not long ago, where I was responsible for the protection of myself and my property
  because in the country of the girl in need of protection because it is considered
  weak in our society but I overcame all these customs. This trip was for me the biggest
  adventure of my life and when I completed it and arrived at my house I was very
  happy because we were on this journey and only a few yards through the window of
  the train, but I felt a lot of experience and ten years more.I also saw the father
  of his son Yodah warmly, so that he would not see him again, and other people laughing
  as they had never seen grief in their lives. And a child and a child did not leave
  their hands for seconds, they wanted to prove to the whole world that they are lovers.
  There is a wife and wife who did not see or care about anything in this world, but
  only for their child of the year only. I had two very sweet girls next to me. Whenever
  I looked at them, they smiled a lot. I think because they finished their studies.
  That burden that everyone wants to save. I also had a man behind me screaming in
  the phone. He was very upset because he was going to be his wife. Naturally, all
  these people feel safe. I alone and the more bored of the stories people in the
  train went out of my eyes outside the window there was not much of the scenes that
  strain or make Tamlk more there was a very large desert followed by high mountains
  and then planted earphones and listened to my favorite music Sarh thought then grew
  I did not feel so s Iqzt Ali arrived station.
