Title: 'The Mystery '
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-mystery
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Romaisa Arif
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: It's like an opportunity for me to write a travel story about my own country.
  I feel very proud for this, I dont care rather I'll be selected or not but I'll
  be at peace that at least I have tried something for my country and something to
  prove to be a true citizen. I'm about 99.99% sure that most of people might have
  copied from internet in order to achieve a great reward and to get this opportunity
  but I'm writing what I have in my heart, what I have observed and what I have tasted
  from the bottom of my heart because I love my country and for that I don't require
  any kind of other advisors! I do get idea but I follow what I think is best and
  in that way I can create an example! I live in a poor and under-developed province
  of Pakistan and I really didn't expect to find so beautiful treasures in it. It
  was our summer vacation and my father arranged a trip for us to Ziarat, this place
  was like heaven on Balochistan, it was like a piece of diamond on all coal mines
  shining bright like a star! If I explain in short words,it was like walking in a
  breeze under sun hidden in the semi-clouds, cool water under your feet, mountains
  covered with unique pine trees, and other trees fully loaded with red juicy apples,
  and up on the mountains were tea bars, some light music and cheers of people, children
  playing all around, and youngsters preparing BBQ. And then comes the great historical
  place "Quaid's residency", completely covered with green grass seems like a green
  furry carpet with dew drops on it in the morning! On the other side of Balochistan
  we went to another historical place known as "Peer Ghaib", this place is famous
  for a person known as Hazrat Peer Ghaib, he was very religious person and 100+ years
  ago, people describe it in a way that he went into the mountain and he dis-appeared,
  on the spot water started flowing from it, and that water still flows from over
  there, it was a place situated in the middle of mountains, with a beautiful water-fall
  and still people go and visit this place. It had warm water and fishes running here
  and there, the people with the cameras, some with food, some praying and some wishing!
  This was actually after our trip to Sibhi-Mela, annually arranged for local people
  at Sibhi based on 4-5 days, one day for men, another for women with different stalls,
  like food stalls clothing and another cultural pieces! Theres one musical night
  and during other days many comedy circus programs and different livestock trained
  animals are brought to show different games, the camels, the horses, and the cultural
  ladies and gents showing their own cultures, it was full of colors and full of music
  and food! It's like wow everywhere! Each night was followed by fireworks, and we
  used to rise up early in the morning to see the rising sun and spreading it's light
  slowly and gently over the Earth, we walking in the green fields, enjoying the tea!
  And then we came home with lots of memories captured in ours cameras but life rules
  and a lot of busy school days were waiting for us!
