Title: The Holy Journey of the Traveling Shaman
DateModified: '2019-02-04'
DatePublished: '2019-02-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-holy-journey-of-the-traveling-shaman
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Claire Laskin
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'In June 2005, after writing Child of the End Times Volume I and II, Claire
  was challenged with another adventure. Her night dreams indicated how the next stage
  of her life as shaman and alchemist of the soul was to unfold. In the dreams she
  was beckoned to travel the historic Silk Road on a solitary nine-month journey.
  The wobbling planet needed to be anchored to allow more time for the humans to evolve.


  On a six-week notice, Claire packed her bags and left her Canadian home for this
  grand adventure on the Silk Road.


  The Holy Journey of the Traveling Shaman is the collection of documents from the
  Silk Road. It has been written for those who may wish to share the epic journey
  of September 2005 to June 2006. In September 2006 Claire went to France to visit
  the grotto dedicated to Mary Magdalene; details are also chronicled in Volume III.


  The Holy Journey of the Travelling Shaman is the accounting of a 57-year-old woman
  who found the courage to surmount her fears and head into the unknown. Claire traveled
  by train through sixteen provinces of China before moving on to experience the beauty
  of Vietnam and the ancient lands of post-Soviet Central Asia. She visited the historical
  ruins of Turkey, breathed in the mysteriousness and vastness of Russia, ending her
  trip in the holy land of Mongolia. This is a personal insight of the mysterious,
  the historical and the lesser traveled parts of the world, lands of magic and empires,
  stories and myths.  In 2013, Claire returned to  China for two and half months to
  complete another visitation into northern China. This is chronicled in Volume IV
  of the series, Child of the End Times, presently available as an E-book with Amazon.com.'
