Title: The Joy of an Unfiltered Moment
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-joy-of-an-unfiltered-moment
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Agrima Sahore
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'I am a self labelled city hopper. My twenty four years of existence on this
  planet has been split across eight different cities of this world, seven of which
  are in India. Moving to Barcelona was a decision that took this ever growing list
  international. Travel has been the only way I have known life to be. I am amazed
  when I hear stories of people having lived in the same city, in the same house all
  their lives. I cannot fathom how they do it. Does the monotony, the continuity never
  kick in and make them uncomfortable or restless? People often laugh it off when
  I tell them that I feel most in peace when I am moving, when I am in transition,
  waiting to get to point B from point A. They fail to understand my constant need
  for change of space and people, and I fail to reciprocate their love for stationariness.

  Because my father loved to drive, our family had a new vacation spot to explore
  every holiday season, especially with us changing homes almost every two years.
  I am thankful for this nomadic way of life that found its way to me when I was just
  an infant. I have neither wings, nor gills, but I have flown over borders and swam
  across oceans just like any other bird or fish. Movement keeps me content, and with
  it the changing topography of my character.


  After crossing the six month mark in Barcelona I was just as settled and adjusted
  as any other resident of the city. Though we spoke different languages, the city
  and I, we continued to patiently make it work with love and compassion. I was elated
  when I discovered that the beach was walking distance from my home. I don''t know
  what it is about the sand-sea-sun combo, but it never disappoints. The beach has
  been my forever getaway. You plonk yourself on the shore, dig your feet into the
  warm sand, let the sun soak you in and out and rest your eyes staring dreamily far
  across the horizon. The gentle slush of the waves, rhythmic and orderly, calm your
  soul and in no time you find your inner self syncing to the vibe of the beach. For
  once you get to show your back to the world and do your thing. Complete the last
  chapter of that mind blowing book you''ve been reading over the past week, tune
  in to your favorite beats and let your body relax, or simply breathe and stay quiet,
  taking in wonders of nature in all their glory.


  That is what travel is for me-- experiencing the joy of an unfiltered, personal,
  and breathtaking moment with no routine worry, expectation or assumption bogging
  you down. In that precise moment, you are nothing more and nothing less than a feeble
  human acknowledging his/her present as the only time he/she gets to be alive in,
  and feeling grateful for having had the chance go through something as mesmerizing
  as that.

  Every travel story is a leap into the unknown. It is rebellion in its truest, most
  honest form. Each time you decide to pack up your bags and take off for an unknown
  destination, you are gifting yourself a window of opportunity to learn, grow and
  evolve into a better being. Music, food, art, language, culture, and tradition--
  not only do they lend a unique flavor to each piece of land around us, but also
  unite us in our shared admiration for them. The more you keep your feet moving,
  the more you''ll nourish and nurture your sense of self. So keep your search for
  pure joy forever going, and remember to pause to relish some marvelous unfiltered
  moments.'
