Title: The shame of origin
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-shame-of-origin
SetInCountry: Romania
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Miruna-Virginia Neagu
AuthorCountry: Romania
Text: 'I was looking at them, I was feeling embarrassed and I think all of us felt
  that. We were in the middle of Warsaw, in the old town with all those buildings
  which were carrying so much history inside of them that they seemed to scream at
  us with much despair, despite their beauty, and that is the beauty to all the old
  things , they are all spectacular because they endured so much pain, and this is
  applicable to humans too. We felt very ashamed to discover there a group of gypsies
  which were speaking our language because our polish friends started to associate
  them with us. All this happened before knowing that they are coming from our country.



  So you probably ask yourself what we were doing there, a group of romanians in the
  middle of the polish capital. The answer is simple, we were in an exchange, the
  first for me, the first the time when i was leaving the country, the first time
  i was taking a flight, and as you saw the first time when i was embarrassed with
  my origins. It was a time for new things. Taking a flight was such a revelatory
  experience for me, I was feeling so little up there, I realised how small we are
  in this huge world, actually, I felt that. I was fascinated by the clouds and how
  they looked like cotton candy. Practically seeing the world from the above gave
  me a new perspective about my place in the world. Anyway, when we arrived to the
  airport, I was shocked by the amount of people who were there, and especially by
  their attitude, they seemed stressed and seeing a smile was a rare thing, so for
  a moment i felt lonely. Fortunately, our polish friends which were waiting for us
  have had big smiles and I knew that I will have an amazing week with them. The road
  to the house of my host was full of fun, music and joy. In front of the car was
  an endless plain, a clear sky and I was feeling the smell of the change in the air,
  even the people which were walking looked different, an air of mysterious platitude
  was around them. I knew that I will come back home with a new way to see the things.

  Of course, it was an amazing week, I have made a lot of friends, I participated
  to an interesting workshop, but let''s go back to what happened in the old town
  of Warsaw. Therefore, was a child who  played the accordion for getting money. Our
  hosts were going to announce the police despite our advice to not doing that, and
  they told us that maybe in our country such a thing is normal and tolerable, but
  in their it isn''t. I was feeling humiliated because they have said that like i
  was coming from a jungle, with no rules and ethic. Anyway, I presumed that the child
  speaks romanian because he looked like a gypsy, and even if i hoped until last second
  that I was wrong, I was right. He told me that is mother is forcing him to do that,
  so I decided to find her and I did. She was wearing a long skirt, she have had braided
  hair,red lips and she was followed by another child, this one was a girl. She told
  me to leave her, that her children is not my problem and she told me to tell my
  friends to stop going to the police, in this time showing me a knife which was under
  her skirt. All of my friends saw that and  we leaved immediately with a bitter taste.
  Our polish friends have understood the situation and the fact that our advice was
  for their own good and that we are not like gypsies at all, even if we speak the
  same language. But still, I didn''t expect to find that there, in the middle of
  such a beautiful place where the sun burns little by little the paint on the old
  walls, where the wind drives into oblivion all the suffering that was during the
  war on these streets.'
