Title: The mountain is calling and I must go!
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-mountain-is-calling-and-i-must-go
SetInCountry: Croatia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Andreas Chrascina
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'Everytime when I see a mountain, one of my first thougts is: I need to climb
  it and be at the top of it! I love trekking and walking on mountains.

  And this also happened last summer in Croatia. I was with friends and family next
  to Karlobag, which lays directly on a beautiful coast sourrunded by beautiful mountains.
  On the day of our arrival I told myself that I need to conquer this mountain. I
  knew that I needed to plan a whole day to do it.

  So one early morning me and my much smaller cousin we decided to do it. It was a
  beautiful warm but very windy morning, even it was still dark.

  We have realized very quikly that these mountains dont are so easy to climb like
  the look like from the distant. They were very hard with rough and shard edges.
  The higher we went the stronger was the wind and the stronger was the sun. We both
  realised that this is more than just a nice trekking track. It started to become
  a real challenge, especially physically. After two hours I had my first contact
  with two snakes, but nothing happend. The last hour became very hard. The stones
  were very rough. And by the way, it wasnt an official trekking path. It was a wild
  track because I love to do wild trekking, even in this case it wasnt such a good
  idea. After almost 3 1/2 hours we finally arrived at the top of the mountain totally
  exhausted! The view was amazing! We could see the Island "Pag" in front of us. I
  was so enthusiastic that in one moment the wind became so strong that he blowed
  me away. So I fall on a rough stone. My shinbone started to bleed. It was very painful
  . My younger cousin started to worry about me and our way back. I tried to be strong
  because I felt also responsible for him. We decided to went back, all the way long
  back to the coast.

  We both knew that it would be very challanging! And because of the fact, that it
  was a wild track, the path was rough and hard like the stones we needed to climb
  over step by step or passing thorny bushes which was very painfuls for my bleeding
  shin.

  The heat was to heavy. 37 degree! No more water and no more food. Because we both
  have definately underrate this mountain. The last hour I couldnt feel my legs anylonger
  but I kept reapting myself: You need to be strong. You are responsible for your
  cousin who also was very tired and exhausted.

  So we kept moving. Finally we arrived. The moment when we saw the street we got
  so many happiness that we had enough energy to arrive at our home. I went directly
  with a friend to the local hospital. The next day I took a flight back to germany.
  Today you can see a nice and calm looking picture with a beautiful view on my Instagram,
  And it was worth it, even the reality behind the pic is much more different. After
  posting this pic on my Insta, someone from Croatia who came from this city told
  me: Andreas, next time pleas ask the locals if its allow to do something like this.
  Because the mountains where you have been, yu can findpoisonous snakes and still
  old mines frome the Balcan-War...'
