Title: The Travelers Pinnacle
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-travelers-pinnacle-2
SetInCountry: Cuba
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Luke Evangelista
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Up until that moment, I had felt somewhat let down. Now don't be mistaken, I
  had been engulfed in adventure during this trip, but the feeling I desired still
  seemed to elude me. Walking down the half-clay half-rock road, I gazed over the
  Cuban farming village, and did so with a complacent aura. Me and my group of 4 had
  came upon a man in a fold out chair, contently enjoying the shade of his mango tree.
  Though his skin was overrun with wrinkles, his chaliced face gently composed an
  inviting smile. While I stood with my uncomfortable feet embraced in my soft-cushioned
  Adidas, the gentleman's toes, while decrepit, appearing quite snug in his run down
  sandals. His face had changed from smiling into talking, as he welcomingly spoke
  a phrase completely lost to my mono-linguistic self. All of a sudden he started
  a determined walk into his one bedroom house, and then out again, but this time
  carrying a plastic bag saturated full of bright mangos. Though he couldn't quite
  make out my message of gratitude, he naturally picked up on the genuine smile that
  warmed my face.  After a captivating 15 minutes of interaction had passed, my group
  decided to collectively say one last prayer before our inevitable departure from
  the man and the small town he lived in. As my pastor 'went to the lord' in prayer,
  I felt a wrinkled finger discretely touch my forearm. My curios eyes were met with
  a second bag of exotic fruit, and the dignified gentlemen proudly holding them with
  his arm out. As my reach for the mangos had unknowingly evolved into an intimate
  hug with the Cuban villager, I had suddenly experienced a revelation. It was at
  this moment, everything seamlessly came together. This instant is what travelers
  strive for. Beyond hearing alternate dialects, this emotional connection is what
  separates a tour from a journey. While mountains and beaches are eternally stunning,
  this momentary unification with a stranger is a journeyman's pinnacle. This elderly
  gentlemen, accustomed to his life in an agrarian town within a communist nation,
  had been so inexplicably similar to the surburban, capitalistic, high schooler that
  I am. This was my awakening. For years I had become Intoxicated with the lie that
  happiness and adventure was just a plane ticket and mighty ocean away. I finally
  grasped what I would remember most, not the insane heights or daring cliffs, but
  the people I had crossed paths with, and the human unity I felt through the cultural
  diversity.
