Title: The Greek Way of Life
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-greek-way-of-life
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: nicole Piserchia
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Every culture has a  different style of living their day to day lives. When
  I was fourteen my family travel to Greece for a 14 day vacation. For me this was
  a leap into the unknown. I have traveled in the USA on adventures from zip lining
  to horse back riding but never outside the country.  Upon arriving in Athens I was
  so amazed at the antiquity of the city. Having the chance to be submerged in this
  country culture was life changing. One can read a  million  books about history,
  but experiencing first hand is highly recommended. Absorbing the people's way of
  life, tasting  foreign foods, walking the roads of warriors, seeing amphitheaters
  built by hand, changes you. I walked the road to Olympia where the ancient Olympic
  games where held.  I stepped on grout lined  floors made of human bones in the monastery
  in Meteora. The Meteora monastery rock formation towers made of  sandstone, have
  provided a retreat for monks over the centuries. Upon entering the ladies must cover
  there legs out of respect and we were provided with a make shift skirt . From the
  mountains to the seas I was captivated with the longevity of culture. The Greeks
  embrace their past marketing themselves to the outside world as  treasure trove
  of history.  I witnessed mountaintops and fields of olive trees that they are know
  for producing. I swam in Aegean, Ionian and the Mediterranean Seas.  I sat on the
  Parthenon walls wondering what life would have been like so so many years ago. Every
  person we met was gracious and accommodating to our needs.  Our tour guide was in
  love with his country for which he passed his passion unto us.  What I really did
  not expect to find in Greece was a love of history within me. I wanted more, unfortunately
  our time expired, we had to return home. Home.. where the pace of life does not
  allow us to have lunch by the sea in a restaurant  that is a  thousand years old.
  Home... where history is in it's infancy. I am blessed with a family that has allowed
  me to go to many places.  Greece will always be the best teacher who taught me to
  love the world around me.
