Title: The Book vs. the Cover
DateModified: '2019-02-02'
DatePublished: '2019-02-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-book-vs-the-cover
SetInCountry: Poland
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Travis Sahl
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I was on the plane from Munich to Lodz in Poland.  I had heard so many stories
  about the country, not always the best, but I wanted to discover it for myself.  A
  friend of mine was waiting at the airport, a friend who doubled as my guide throughout
  the various cities we visited.  At first, I was a bit surprised by the architecture,
  having a mix of modern and traditional as well as a mix of well built and crumbling.  Some
  areas looked the the typical "tough" neighbourhoods, with reminants of communist
  buildings here and there, and the faces of the population sporting similar "tough"
  expressions.  It was only through my friend that I discovered that the exterior
  of people did not represent their interior.  They exhibited a warm welcoming attitude
  towards me, someone who didn't speak a work of Polish (and accidentally said one
  of the worst, crude words without even realizing it).  When I drove deeper into
  Polish culture and history, landscapes and cities, I realized that first impressions
  are not accurate.  That sometimes you need to look with new, fresh eyes to see what's
  really around.  One such example was when I was brought to the ruins of an old castle
  outside my friend's city.  It was a pile of rubble, one tower, and an unapproachable
  room.  It was hardly impressive at first glance, but as I explored the area, the
  sun began to set and I saw the view, from high up on the hill and saw for miles
  in all directions and I was in awe.  It made me stop and think about what the rulers
  of this castle must have seen out their windows at the same time of day, and wonder
  if they were just as awestruck as me.  I wondered if they thought of the future,
  if their castle would stand the test of time.  I experienced layers of thought that
  had me think in ways I had not done in years, back when I was younger and more apt
  to imagine atypically.  In a week, I was able to discover five cities in Poland,
  but I didn't expect to find a part of me that would grow to want see the rest of
  the world.  And that's exactly what I've been doing since.
