Title: The most unforgettable trip of my life WITHOUT a passport.
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-most-unforgettable-trip-of-my-life-without-a-passport
SetInCountry: Croatia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Janaina Silva Freire
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: By 2012 I lived in Germany, I was making my first exchange year. My host sister
  invited me to take a trip in July with her and her friends to Croatia. I had never
  been there and was very happy to be part of that group of Germans. We went in two
  cars, we were 5 girls of 19 years of age, leaving for the first European summer
  alone. At the time, Croatia was not part of the European Union, the country became
  a member the following year (I well remember that fact). And I did not know that,
  I was used to taking only my German residency document for all trips and everything
  worked out right. It was very innocent of me, but I did not take my Brazilian passport
  as an official document, when we arrived at the border to get to Croatia, the immigration
  police did not want to let me in. They were very rude to me, they shouted so much
  asking me why I did not have a passport, that the German document was not enough
  to get in there. My host sister and I despaired, everything was paid, our rented
  house, parties, food and that was about to ruin the whole holiday plan. I remember
  we traded for hours, I cried a lot. One of the guards who saw my despair told us
  to go across the border that the police would be less rude. When we got there they
  accepted that I would enter the country, but on the way back, I would have to have
  my passport physically to have the stamp and finish the entrance in Croatia. I began
  to cry with relief, the girls hugged me and we jumped with joy in celebrating this
  agreement. I never took so much pleasure in a trip in my life, I was relieved to
  be there, for having entered without problems. Croatia is a paradise, full of islands,
  an incredible sun, delicious food and were the most wonderful holidays I have ever
  had. Me and the girls had the opportunity to go boating, we crossed beautiful islands,
  met super nice people, we took a sensational bronze for hours on the beaches.
