Title: 'The Time Jump '
DateModified: '2019-02-07'
DatePublished: '2019-02-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-time-jump
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: qamar haj hamad
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Few months ago, i traveled to Australia and came across the most interesting
  continent. I come from the Middle East, and as expected, you will directly jump
  into the conclusion that i was stepping into the unknown. It was not just another
  country, or just another trip, it was yet another continent and on the other side
  of the world. The first thought that crossed my mind was how would i manage the
  time difference? As simple as it may sound, or as trivial as it may look like, it
  actually affects everything ! Time ! Yes, time ! It is not just a time difference,
  it actually makes you enter inside a time loop or makes you enter another dimension.
  when you come to Australia, your connection to the outer world will become minimal.
  your friends sleep when you wake up and vice versa. However, this gives you the
  right gear to just indulge into Australia's atmosphere and culture. Diversity is
  what is Australia, and specifically Sydney, about. you scroll Australia's streets
  watching the diverse culture in person; People who skipped time and continents just
  to be here and share experiences with each other. The repetitive word that you will
  hear is "Mate". it is not just a word, it is liked a bonding phrase that means that
  you are Australian. The funny thing is that everyone use that word in an attempt
  to be like a local. But hey ! who didn't try that ! what you will like most about
  Australia is how it connects and intertwines people from all over the world in this
  unified multi-cultural platform. Sydney  is not just the opera house or the famous
  bridge. It transcends that to the brilliant scenery, and most importantly the diverse
  culture. I went once to the Blue Mountains, a spectacular area with mouth dripping
  attractions, blood rushing breeze, and a trip to the unconsciousness forests. I
  remember the high proud mountains of this spectacular area. The green colour just
  covers every inch of it, residing at every bench of its trees, pouring from its
  every leave. This color survives all seasons, as if it is a color of endless time
  just as the people of Australia who are timeless. What i recall most about that
  area is its ability to make you indulge in your own fantasies and dreams, creating
  your own cottage in the its forests, paving your own pathways, and living the endless
  fairytale that can be only created in such atmosphere. I can't decide what i like
  most about Australia, and in Sydney in particular, whether it is the time jump that
  gives you the new sense of being and the new sense of belonging, whether the heart-filling
  diversity, or whether its overwhelming sceneries. Well, mates, being there just
  gave a whole new perspective about the other part of the world.
