Title: The wild West Coast, and the magical journey there.
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-wild-west-coast-and-the-magical-journey-there
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Sarona Rameka
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: On a quick three day road trip my husband and I decided to visit the West Coast
  in the South Island of New Zealand. We knew very little about that area, but on
  our quest to see more of our own country we had committed to visit somewhere new
  each year. So we left our toddler in Christchurch with my parents, borrowed their
  van and took off on a road trip. A storm the night prior prevented us from going
  through the world famous Arthurs Pass so we had to take another route. Initially
  we were disappointed but it was short lived. As we drove through Lewis Pass we came
  upon some of the most beautiful landscape and whimsical towns. Rivers that seemed
  never-ending with crisscrossing streams and layers of hills filled with native bush.
  The roads were quiet and when we did see a car it would be an old dusty work truck,
  often full of hay. We made one stop on our five hour drive and that was a little
  town called Reefton. It was like we had stepped back in time - one hundred meters
  either side of the main street full of old fashioned shop buildings. There were
  no big department brands, just second hand shops, bakeries, and of course a whiskey
  distillery. As we were walking around I was caught by this strange shop with an
  old pram full of old dolls outside, pausing to take a picture we glanced inside
  the shop to see hundreds and hundreds of old dolls pilled up on every single wall.
  My husband freaked out and kept walking, but I was intrigued and went in to see
  more. There were cabbage patch dolls, turvey dolls, golliwogs, porcelain dolls and
  so much more. I was talking to a lovely older lady about them and found out they
  had come from all over the world, some more than 100 years old. They were her collection,
  her life's passion, and she and her husband had both been diagnosed with cancer
  so thought she would sell them and they could start enjoying the time they had left.
  As we talked, locals would walk past and greet her. It became very clear that this
  was a town where everyone knew each others names and genuinely cared about their
  journeys. So we left Reefton with an unexpected beautiful encounter... and a very
  good bottle of gin. Arriving on the West Coast we stopped at Greymouth, it is famous
  for it's dangerous crossing - where the Grey River meets the sea, and you can see
  why there had been so many tragedies there over the years. It gave me the shivers
  just looking at the raging water from the pier, I almost felt like the force from
  under the surface was going to wash us away. The town itself looked run-down and
  quite sad, but talking to the locals we also realized it was a town of resilience.
  The next day we drove to Hokitika, the artsy, creative town on the coast. Known
  in New Zealand as the 'home of greenstone' with old well preserved buildings, lots
  of coffee shops and of course, pounamu shops. The information centre was amazing
  and led us to the stunning Hokitika Gorge. The storm had made the icy blue water
  a murky grey to blend in with the gigantic limestone rocks and on our walk to the
  basin we had to cross a swinging bridge over the cascading river below. There was
  a six person limit, so we would talk to whoever was crossing at the other side as
  to who would go first - no one had the guts to actually do six, and we passed with
  nervous smiles as we did two at a time. We retired back to our campsite that night
  mending our sand-fly bites and feeling more relaxed than we had in months. Maybe
  it was because our one year old wasn't crawling over our faces at 1am, or maybe
  it was because time goes slowly in the West Coast. Whatever the reason, it was a
  memorable holiday that I would do again, if only for the drive.
