Title: The Pink Panther at the Rambla
DateModified: '2019-03-07'
DatePublished: '2019-03-07'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-pink-panther-at-the-rambla
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Manuel Paucar
AuthorCountry: Peru
Text: 'I couldn''t believe it. Just out of the corner of my ear, I could''ve sworn
  to have heard the saxophone interpretation of "Strangers in the Night." Not even,
  that, but it was in the unmistakable style of classic jazz I so much enjoy.

  Intrigued, I followed the music. As it started getting louder and much clearer,
  I spotted an elderly street musician with an open case at his feet.

  This was the Rambla, the famous boardwalk of Montevideo, which overlooks the River
  Plate. I was already three days into an Uruguayan tour, which led me to business
  offices, notary clerks, and hurried lunch meetings. Nonetheless, I fell in love
  with the city.

  What was there not to love?

  They had colonial and republican architecture in a city that didn''t consider itself
  a metropolis. With barely more than one million inhabitants, the urban feeling was
  more bucolic than bustling. I looked at everything through the panes of my chartered
  remisse. I wanted to hop off and experience the city, know it''s people, be part
  of this slow and seemingly bohemian lifestyle. Heck! There were even stalls of old
  books on the sidewalks.

  And, then they gave me a free afternoon just for myself. It was my chance.

  I took a taxi which led me straight to the Rambla. That''s where I found the street
  musician, whose name I do not recall right now.

  "I used to play with Stan Getz and other well-known musicians."

  He was born in Cuba, and had toured the world with many music ensembles.

  "But, I prefer to live here. I can wake up anytime I want, I give music lessons,
  then I come here to play."

  And he regaled me with more jazzied renditions of Ran Pack classics.

  Then, I saw children starting to gather around gradually. They surrounded the old
  man in the sax, giggling and squirming. The man stopped playing.

  "Ah! Please, excuse me. It''s four o''clock. It''s time for the Pink Panther."

  It was his own personal tradition. He would play this song every day, uninterrupted,
  for the neighborhood children; and they giggled, jumped, clapped and danced, all
  in tune with the Pink Panther''s playful ups and downs.

  "He''s the sax player of Hamelin," I thought to myself.

  Once he finished playing, I tipped him a few bills, and waved good-bye. I continued
  on with my visit, casually whistling to "Strangers in the Night", just for myself.'
