Title: 'The Pleasures Of Life '
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-pleasures-of-life
SetInCountry: Cote D'Ivoire
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Priscilla Asamoah Baffour
AuthorCountry: Ghana
Text: Life takes it toll on everyone therefore people seek to explore where they can
  undoubtedly find genuine happiness and peace. My life took a new turn as I embarked
  on an unexpected trip to Cote D'Ivoire with my uncle, nephew and niece on 12th of
  February, 2012. This awesome trip changed my perspective about life and launched
  me into the pleasures of life. My first day in Abidjan being one of Cote D'Ivoire's
  capital city exposed me to pleasures I had never experienced. The ability to learn
  the French language with so much mistakes in pronunciation causing much laughter;
  their rich food especially fried plantain with red peppered fish which is sumptous
  bring smiles and sweat on my face to the beautiful place of Jos plateaux, where
  I took countless pictures and being myself with no fear and restrictions made me
  realized I had leaped into the unknown. A country I can be myself, enjoy the pleasures
  of life and far away from all worries . One spectacular thing that took me off guard
  was the ability to differentiate the towns all operating commercial taxis belonged
  due to the nature of their colours. In view of this, once you see a taxi, you definitely
  know which town it belongs therefore even if you misplace something in the car,
  it will easily be identified when you visit the town's taxi station. Something my
  country Ghana lacks. A leap into the unknown, discovering a country that is concerned
  about identity and enjoys life to the fullest with Friday to Sunday being their
  pleasurable days called Samedi Dimanche;  plenty of drinks, meat, good music and
  interacting with friends and family at the pubs they normally go. A country that
  understands the essence of pleasure. The pleasures of life is simply discovering
  yourself and doing what makes you happy. A leap into the unknown of possibilities,
  freedom, good food, joy, happiness, culture and identity.
