Title: The Merchant of Karma
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-merchant-of-karma
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Shyamakshi Ghosh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Amongst the uniformly painted walls of the Pink City of Jaipur in India, one
  can still find a splash of different colors. The city can be compared to a painter''s
  colorful creation albeit in a pink frame. But, why pink? Because, pink is the symbol
  of hospitality. In 1876, when Prince of Wales came on a tour to India, the King
  of Jaipur, Maharaja Ram Singh ordered the entire city to be painted in Pink. To
  keep this tradition alive, the city is still repainted every year. And people of
  Jaipur ensure that many such traditions are preserved and passed over generations.
  This is a chronicle of such proud heritage that I could spot on the streets of Jaipur.

  Jaipur like any other Indian city has domestic animals living in symbiosis with
  the humans. The flocks of Pigeons cannot go unnoticed throughout the city. As I
  walked out of the grand City Palace and headed to check out the shops around, I
  noticed a few street hawkers selling dry lentils and corn kernels. Interestingly,
  these hawkers were not coaxing anyone for a purchase. This caught my attention and
  I noted their makeshift shop signage. It read out - ''Punyakari cheentee bhojan''
  (Good Karma Ant food). Being an Indian, I had never seen something like this in
  my entire 35 years of existence. And I couldn''t stop but to enquire about what
  this was all about.

  Ashok Agarwal is one of the several street hawkers who sell dry lentils and corn
  for the birds. He also sells ant food. His merchandise is for people seeking a good
  karma. The transaction is simple. There is no minimum purchase limit. You just name
  the amount and Ashok will fill a tray with grains as appropriate. A flock of pigeons
  are right there, waiting for your donation. As you sprinkle the grains all over,
  the pigeons quickly engage in the treat. If you wish to donate food for ants, they
  are on the ground, everywhere!

  Karma is a belief from Hinduism which simply translates to ''action'' in English.
  According to the belief, our current and past life actions affect our future. No
  doubt, donations are a good Karma. In typical Indian households it is a common practice
  to feed cows and birds, but this is the first time I saw someone make it a source
  of livelihood. For me, they are the Karma Merchants! Ashok and his previous seven
  generations were Karma merchants. This practice has been going on since centuries
  in Jaipur. His forefathers were Karma merchants when the Kings ruled Jaipur. His
  family and several such Karma Merchants have kept this tradition alive.

  When I enquired about the ant food, Ashok explained that ants are a symbol of hard
  work, selflessness and harmony. Feeding the ants can bring in a positive impact
  on one''s life and of course will earn you good Karma.

  I decided to take part in this tradition too. I bought some corn from Ashok and
  showered it around for the pigeons. The pigeons immediately flocked around me, and
  my stock of pigeon food was consumed in no time. I realized that he gave me a lot
  for the money I paid. It was very evident that he was hardly making any profit.
  I couldn''t stop but to ask if he earns decently out of this. He honestly replied
  that these earnings do not make him rich but are enough to sustain his family. And
  the good karma gets him going.

  As I stood amazed, I saw several locals gather for their offerings. Some did it
  for the pigeons while some for the ants. There were people of all age groups, young
  and old. It was a diverse crowd. There were people dressed in skirts and denims,
  and there were ladies with a ''ghoonghat'' on their head. There were a few who came
  alone, while many brought their children to start them young. I saw different folks
  across different strokes of life, yet everyone was bound to the same tradition.
  Just like the painter''s colorful creation albeit in a pink frame. But, why pink?
  Because, pink is also the symbol of caring and giving.'
