Title: The Late Monsoon Sun (From My Green Notebook)
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-late-monsoon-sun-from-my-green-notebook
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Bee Wilkinson
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'On the coach, I was blind. My imagination soared. We drove up into the hills
  in the rickety bus, through the thick, suffocating mist, leaving me dizzied by altitude.
  There was no rain: just lightning, illuminating the electric sky for one moment
  and suddenly I could see: no clouds, just stars, more than I had ever seen. Mars
  guided us through the dark night to Kathmandu and lulled me to sleep.


  The bus lurched. I opened my eyes for the first time I saw dark silhouettes dancing
  slowly against a pale blue light. Men, women and children. I yearned for their music.
  Wooden sticks bent over a roaring fire like old women. Behind: a sharp yellow light,
  two eyes. It was like art. My fever dreams consumed everything I saw.


  I remembered the hills of Chandrarigi from the weeks before. We descended like a
  heavy jet as the clouds turned from a menacing black to grey. I saw the sprawling
  city, awakened from slumber by our loud vehicle. The cows were uninterested. They
  moved past us in the traffic with steady certainty.


  We arrived into the dust of Balaju Chowk. When the dust settled, my heart dropped.
  I was alone, venturing into the maelstrom. Two Israeli women offered me a hand-rolled
  cigarette and I jumped on the back of their rickshaw. We became smoke and turned
  to dust as we crawled through Ason. It shrouded us from flurried shouts, preying
  eyes.


  I paid our driver with the last of my damp, crumpled rupees. I collapsed in the
  lobby, overcome by fever. Hot water, for the first time in weeks. Clean sheets.
  My own palace. My mehendi slipped off my dusty skin like an old memory. I slept
  for hours, and awakened to the sweet madness of the inner city.


  This time around, I strolled through Indra Chowk. And my skin burned in the sudden
  light, illuminating the metal laid at my feet by street vendors. I found Durbar
  Square and sat under the dark red temples. Sometimes I want to crawl out of my white
  skin and my womanhood and simply be invisible, entombed, hidden from curiosity,
  anger, interest. I wanted to float freely through the streets, weaving in and out
  of the traffic, like a light breeze.


  Yet I was mesmerised by womanhood. I passed women draped in red, gathered in circles
  under the temples celebrating the Teej Festival, rocking back and forth in devotion,
  solidarity.


  I crossed the low river and walked to Swoyambhunath Stupa, the infamous Monkey Temple.
  Breathless, I pushed through the waves of heat, to the point where earth meets heaven,
  my head bowed in piety. The hazy mist rose and there was a brilliant sunshine. I
  purchased a small gold statue of Kali, the Dark Mother, to remind me to be humble,
  and silent.


  I traversed the low river again as the sky turned soft. I came to a crossroad. There
  were seven roads and I must have walked in circles for an hour. The sky was now
  crowded by low buildings, and I ate daal baht under tangled power lines, illuminated
  by lightning sparks. The soft sky taunted me in the thin slithers of light above
  the chaos.


  I was filled with a desire to get higher. At my lodgings I found a spiralling, wooden
  staircase behind the kitchens. And I climbed, as if I were back in the Annapurna
  foothills. I climbed and skipped stairs, intoxicated by the thought of the sweet
  clouds.


  On the roof, a young man with curly hair and a long, red tunic lay asleep, his arms
  raised to the pink skies. I have never been left so speechless by a sunset. In the
  distance, the Himalayas danced in the haze. The prayer flags above fluttered happily
  in the evening wind. Below, the streets faded into perfect mandalas. A tinny radio
  played nearby; an airplane crossed overhead. I could breathe.


  Days before, in Pokhara, my friend had brought me medicine and water as I lay in
  bed. "It''s the fever of the late monsoon. It will rain for three days, and then
  the monsoon will leave. And so will your fever. You will see." And I did.'
