Title: The Silence of Echoes
DateModified: '2019-02-06'
DatePublished: '2019-02-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-silence-of-echoes
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Philip Millet
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'It had been 8 years since I had last been to Spain. It would be unfair to blame
  the country of my ancestors for this lapse but rather the obtrusive state of being
  I call Life.  Circumstances finally permitted me to venture back on my own.  Landing
  at Barajas, finding my way through security, getting my bags, getting the car rental,
  relearning how to drive manual to the laughter of the rental car agents and getting
  lost in Madrid... not so auspicious.  After finally finding my way, the vacation
  was on.  There were two objectives:  taste ... well, indulge on Jamon Iberico and
  see the castle that bears my last name.  On the way, I discovered how little I knew
  of Espana.  Avila, a less-well known walled city, beckoned me to get out of my rental
  and walk around, searching and finding little cafes and shops selling Manchego cheese
  juxtaposed to their ramparts.  I put Avila on my Arnold list (I''ll be back).  On
  to Salamanca and a drive through the countryside, occasionally dotted with advertising
  of large black bulls on the side of the highway.  I am not quick enough with my
  camera and driving one handed with a stick is not advised on any road.  The next
  day, I left Salamanca and headed south to La Alberca, undisputed home of the delicacy.  Along
  the way, I went up to the Santuario de la Pena Francia.  At 5000 ft of elevation,
  I was enchanted with snow capped mountains, grottoes hidden beside the cathedral
  and the largest sundial I have ever traversed.  The air alone cleansed the soul.  In
  La Alberca, I walked along the cobbled streets and found jamon, Portuguese coffee,
  turrones, ridiculously fresh olive oil, trinkets for my family and realized that
  I would never taste food so fresh back home.  Salamanca bid me back that night,
  but rest was not on my mind as it processed the sensory overload of the day.  After
  bidding farewell to my host, I made it into the small city called Medina del Campo.  The
  little towns on the way bearing centuries old cathedrals and nameless bodegas selling
  local unpretentious and often amazing wine.  US Customs have arcane limitations.  Anyways,
  past the center of Medina del Campo and the downtown buildings and up a hill, the
  Castillo de La Mota rises above the treeline.  Still bearing scars of cannonball
  impacts, the fortress and the moat around it take around 30 minutes to walk around.  My
  camera runs nonstop, especially when I enter through the portcullis and touch the
  15th century facade, the echoes of my maternal last name still palpable through
  the corridors.  I make sure there is a picture of me touching a wall so that my
  cousins and aunts and uncles know it is real.  It is not a fairy tale castle of
  a mad King but that makes sense if you knew my family.  I spend my day acting like
  a kid, remembering how excited I used to get going into underground pyramids and
  inside dormant volcanoes, now seeing my name on a fortress over four times as old
  as the United States.  I make my way back to Madrid for the rest of the trip, finishing
  up my shopping list and enjoying the city.  And I realize that the fire that went
  out 8 years ago has been relight.  I have gone back 3 more times since, never being
  bored at what is around the next corner and happy to speak Americanized Spanish
  to genial Spaniards, Basques, Catalans and trying my hand at French (Desole'') in
  search of the source of my paternal last name.  The adventure is evident in me as
  I write this in my office, a Cheshire smirk as I plan the next foray, seeing what
  echoes call me.'
