Title: The Ruins of Your Dreams
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-ruins-of-your-dreams
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Paige Critcher
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'The ruins of Hampi, in Karnataka, India, still embody the magnificence of the
  last great Hindu kingdom in South India, despite the fact that it was sacked by
  the Muslims over four centuries ago. My arrival at dawn one early March morning,
  was not only greeted by the sun, but also by pilgrims singing praises in the Temple,
  cows loitering in the common parking areas, and monkeys, eating bananas. Incense
  and smoky fires create an atmosphere made even more mysterious by the crumbling
  architecture; the royal complexes, temples, shrines, and pillared halls. Nestled
  amid boulders that form a natural continuation of the structures themselves, the
  ingeniously designed layout covers over 16 square miles. My intention to climb to
  an honored destination in time to witness the sunrise, is part of the quintessential
  photographer''s dream. We are always chasing light.

  I am stilled drugged from sleep, my rushed coffee and 20 minute car ride have done
  nothing to prepare me for this. I shove myself forward and up, over cut blocks of
  granite that are deceptively slippery and of such erratic height that I have to
  lean forward. The urgent appointment with the sun blots out any hesitation; I plummet
  on. My reward upon finally reaching the top is a 360 degree view of a significant
  portion of the ruins, including a lake, the river, rice fields and the main Virupakshya
  Temple, a glowing limestone beacon far below. Much to my relief, the top is flat,
  and accommodates about 20 people, mostly Westerners, young, dressed in the typical
  fashion of part Indian, part hippie. A young local is selling chai, doling it out
  in crushed plastic cups. There are places to sit near the edge, no one is talking.
  When the sun peeps out from behind a rock mount, we watch in a reverent silence
  for 20 minutes.

  The hills are covered in a smoky haze that seeps horizontally. Some of it seems
  impenetrable, a soggy yellowish blanket that weighs itself down between the boulders.
  The edges then break apart in diaphanous waves that bounce the light, revealing
  copses of palm trees, rice fields an impossible green in this sultry atmosphere.
  The sun is a bloody neon, an entity worthy of all possible worship from human millennium.
  Imbued with substantiality, it rises fast, changing bright reds to orange gold that
  skims the rock and temples, leaving the lower ground a dusty indigo that hints of
  shape and form, not substance.  The world is floating in layers of deep blue/grey,
  blue green, subdued yellow, burnished as if from a pile of still vital coals. The
  wind is fresh, the silence complete.

  I have my photos, so I am content to be still, cross legged and peaceful in the
  warming air. I have plans and destinations for the rest of the morning, but here
  in the quiet camaraderie of those who climbed, I am content. If I do nothing else
  today, I have this.


  Then I have to climb back down.'
