Title: The Sound of Mystery and Fantasy
DateModified: '2019-02-11'
DatePublished: '2019-02-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-sound-of-mystery-and-fantasy-2
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Paul Ayala
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: After 3 days of sailing on a viciously rocking ship that was leading us to a
  land of mysteries and wonders, we woke up one foggy morning off the coast of southern
  New Zealand to what travelers on the ship considered to be a true wonder of the
  world. Tall and steep mountain sides giving way to the peeking sun lit up an entire
  valley of water into what is known as Milford Sound in the Fiordlands National park.
  The view created what was an eerie, unearthly kind of silence that did not match
  the view of the incredible granite mountains on the two sides of the still, beautiful
  blue crystal clear water channel that lead into what looked like a return-less end.
  Not a boat nor a plane even a bird in sight. Some how vegetation such as trees,
  bushes and flowers grew in the small, tight crevasses of the granite mountain sides.
  As we entered the soundless Sound all we could see were miles of grassy granite
  walls on both sides of the ship. The channel was less quarter mile wide with walls
  far greater than the channels length. Still not a bird in sight but the sun peeking
  and the fog dissipating made way for visibility. Mountain ranges going deep into
  the Sound only getting taller and taller the more we cruised in. The first sight
  of movement occurred in the water with a pod of bottle nose grey dolphins chasing
  us from the coast into the ships starboard side casually porpoising on with us.
  It was an incredible view to see these wonderful creatures living wildly in such
  a mystical part of the world. We kept onward into the Sound and spotted the first
  waterfall. It's funny because one of the travelers I was conversing with mentioned
  there could be an upstream waterfall though I couldn't comprehend what she meant
  by that, then I saw with my own eyes the arctic wind spraying the waterfall back
  up its stream and misting into the air. A waterfall not actually falling! Time to
  time the wind would weaken the the water would drop then out of no where the wind
  would pick back up and pick up the water, all on a freezing sunny day. I was left
  stunned by the occurrence and as far as I know it's the only place in New Zealand
  where it happens. As we went on the walls of these tall mountain sides grew closer
  and felt larger. The wind started to get colder and the water more clear. The sun
  was now sky high right above us. I could see down the channel clear as day. We passed
  a couple more waterfalls, not all spitting upwards but still just as majestic as
  the first. As we made a slight turn past one of the many mountain sides we started
  to see snow covered mountain tops. The wind was cold but it was also mid summer
  and we were looking at snow! Finally we had reached the end of the Sound and the
  last waterfall in the channel. In my view range I could see straight down the path
  where we came from with an incredible depth of field. I could see a valley that
  lead to snow covered mountain tops along with the last waterfall of the Sound. All
  the waterfalls differed from each other but this one had such a strength in water
  flow it gushes out the mountain side like water coming out of a fountain head. The
  water was not falling from the top but from a hole in the mountain side. Though
  wildlife was minimal apart from those excited dolphins, the landscape was second
  to none. I came to find out Peter Jackson, a New Zealand director has used Milford
  Sound and surrounding areas to film various films like the Lord of the Rings series,
  The Alien movies as well as X-Men. Its no wonder he has used the Fiordlands for
  film locations because it truly is an area of the world that looks and feels like
  you're not on Earth anymore.
