Title: The Shells of Farewell
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-shells-of-farewell
SetInCountry: Tahiti
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Alma Hromic Deckert
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Here''s the thing you need to know. In the Friendly Isles, tradition is that
  you greet a visitor with a lei made of fragnant flowers, and you offer a fresh flower
  lei every day while the visitor is with you. When your visitor leaves your home
  and you are no  longer able to drape those fresh blossoms around their necks, you
  give the departing friend something else, something more durable, something to remember
  you by: a necklace made out of seashells.


  When I came to the island of Moorea, my Tahitian resort finessed the traditional
  flower greeting, and it was wearing a necklace of fragrant frangipani that I went
  from the hotel reception to my room. They literally had a rack of these things at
  reception, though, and they just handed them out to new arrivals, businesslike,
  just a part of the checkin process. I accepted it, thought nothing more of it.


  During my stay, I made a friend at the hotel. Many of the other guests, tourists
  who didn''t care about much more than having a good time, at best ignored the hotel
  staff - but I got talking to a young security guard, riding around the resort grounds
  on a shiny bicycle, a smart hat on his head and his eyes hidden behind wire-rimmed
  spectacles. We spoke in French, with my own halting schoolgirl level of conversational
  knowledge frequently led to interruptions that began with "...aaaah, how do you
  say...[insert item I had no vocabulary for]?" We laughed a lot as I blundered about.
  I told him a little about myself. He told me about his life, his hopes and dreams
  (he wanted to become a lawyer someday), about the place I was in (it was from him
  I learned about stonefish, and not to walk barefoot on exposed sand for fear of
  treading on neurotoxin-laced spines), about interesting things that were happening
  (there was a local sculptor creating an underwater sculpture gallery, only accessible
  to scuba divers...) Being there on my own, I asked him to take a photo of me here
  and there in picturesque places. He taught me a few words of his own language, and
  I told him "mahalo" (thank you). I got SO much more out of my stay in that resort
  because I had stopped to talk to a shy young man on a bicycle who was so clearly
  not used to anyone staying at that place even noticing that he was there.


  On my way home, the resort did its nod to the "traditional thing" and this time
  the necklaces it handed out to departing guests were made of tiny cowries, again
  taken from a rack at reception and handed out with a smile but almost mechanically
  as people hauled their suitcases out of the front door. I was to share a taxi to
  the ferry which would take me to the main island with another family leaving at
  the same time as myself - but even as we prepared to leave there was a shout from
  the gardens, and he came running, my friend, the young man I had got to know over
  my sojourn in the place. He had come to say goodbye to me. And in his hands was...
  a shell necklace. A bigger, nicer, shinier one than the hotel had been giving out.
  He placed it around my neck and gave me a big smile, and a formal little bow. The
  other people who were leaving looked astonished and even a little suspicious - what
  did I do to deserve this? - but I... I returned the bow, and smiled back at him
  through a sudden rush of tears to my eyes, and i said, in his own language, "Mahalo".
  Thank you.


  I still have the shell necklace, carefully coiled inside a box like a treasure.
  And every time I look at it I can smell the fragrance of the Friendly Isles, and
  remember a young man who had called me friend.'
