Title: The Hidden Forest
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-hidden-forest
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Vanessa  Sousa
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'It was my last day in London, after 3 months living the energy of that great
  metropolis, among skyscrapers, cars and thousands of people with their straggled
  walk. All I wanted was a little nature and silence. It was past 9am when a friend
  had  called me and asked: How about a walk in the forest? I agreed! And I thought
  we were going to another big park with people exercising, dogs and kids running.
  It was a warm September Saturday, the sun shone brightly in the blue sky drawn by
  beautiful clouds that danced in the air. We met at Liverpool Street Station in London
  Zone 1 and from there we took the overground to Chingford. On the way, my friend
  told me  we were leaving London and we were going to a region bordering Essex County.
  At that moment I remembered the episodes from my favorite historical series and
  was anxious about what I could find. The journey had lasted 27 minutes, when we
  arrived at Chingford station I noticed a different atmosphere, everything was slower,
  the main street was uncrowded and a typical rural silence filled the whole place.
  I still did not believe we were going to a forest ... We started walking, in the
  first 5 minutes the green of the landscape revealed itself to the horizon. After
  10 minutes of walking we were in a field of green and golden grass that rose to
  our knees, a little further in front of us the trees looked like walls that hid
  a secret, it was Epping Forest! We entered the forest and discovered a fantastic
  place, the landscape that was changing with each step and I could admire a beauty
  that I never thought to find so close to one of the greatest capitals in the world!
  It seemed like everything had come out of a fairytale book. For someone coming from
  Brazil like me, use to be close to rainforests, discovering new landscapes touched
  me in a devastating way. Later, we kept walking for over an hour, and I was thrilled
  with all the sensations that place awakened in me. We sat on the shore of Lake Connaught
  Water, took a deep breath, I closed my eyes, and could for a few minutes be the
  main character in my own fairytale entitled to a handsome prince.'
