Title: The Adventures of a Passportgenius
DateModified: '2019-02-01'
DatePublished: '2019-02-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-adventures-of-a-passportgenius
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Rhonda Sessons
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I was so proud of myself for finally setting out to visit Canada. I had been
  to so many far countries that I was reluctant to visit my northern neighbor.  There
  I was on a bus with about 40 Chinese Americans. I was the only black person on the
  bus but I was excited to venture into the unknown. I chose a bus trip through Canada
  because I thought it would be exciting to see the sites.  Nobody expected a 40 year
  old black woman to be on this Asian's company bus trip but the price was right and
  they didn't mind so neither did I. The tour guide knew me right away and I formed
  conversation with some of the rider's that were seated near me. As we left New York
  for the long drive to Niagara Falls, I had wondered what I had gotten myself into
  as I was getting some icy stares from some of the passengers. I shrugged it off
  and looked forward to the trip ahead. Our trip started from New York City to Niagara
  Falls, New York then to Niagara Falls, Ontario then on to Toronto, Montreal, and
  Quebec. It was the summer time so the weather was great. The other passengers and
  bus driver seemed to warm up to me by the time we got to Montreal and even wanted
  to take pictures with me an of me! Everyone was so nice the longer we spent time
  together. We started to learn each others names and backgrounds. On our way back
  to the U.S., more passengers came on. Since I was the only solo traveler, this kind
  woman from Singapore, a new passenger, learned that we were both traveling alone
  and started talking to me as if we had known each other for years.  We then became
  inseparable for the rest of the trip through Vermont, Massachusetts and Connecticut
  back to New York. She was embarking on the same trip for the next 5 days through
  Canada as I was coming off from. By this time we were taking pictures together and
  exchanging contact info. She even invited me to visit her in Singapore and then
  travel to Bali together. Those plans are currently in the works and I have a new
  friend for life. We stay in contact through social media and she is patiently anticipating
  my arrival to Singapore.  I love making new friends and I find that solo travel
  helps you do just that! I didn't expect to find a new friend but that just what
  I did and being open to different experiences is just part of being a global citizen.
