Title: The Champagne Capital of the World
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-champagne-capital-of-the-world
SetInCountry: France
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Alec Merkt-Caprile
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'I arrived into Reims, exhausted from spending the night in one of London''s
  many airports, with 7  Euros in my pocket and no plans to speak of. I''d made pleasant
  conversation with my neighbour on the plane, but pleasant conversation on planes
  isn''t known for going very far, except for maybe in Ed Norton''s head. I''d originally
  hoped to make it to Paris during my week''s stay in France, taking advantage of
  Ryanair''s infamously low fares to unfortunately located airports to visit the country
  for the first time. Fate, and ill-timed British transportation systems, had something
  else in store for me, after withering away nearly all of the funds I''d set aside
  for the week''s escapades. I contemplated hitch-hiking, but given the recent spell
  of luck, or lack thereof, I chose to stay a bit closure to my departure zone.

  Executive decision made: I''d wander (and slumber on) the streets of Reims, without
  knowing it as the Champagne capital of the world at the time. Besides a brief interaction
  with law enforcement in a nice little park just north of the city centre, it was
  actually a very peaceful and pleasant stay. After having quickly explored the entire
  "downtown" and its marvelous cathedral, without much thought to all of its historical
  significance, my feet moved on to "greener pastures". Names that seemed vaguely
  familiar, such as ''Mumm'' and ''Jacquart'', were soon added onto the list of places
  I''d "explored without official authorization". Little did I know that just over
  a decade later I''d be dedicating my life to the study of these very same vines.
  What I''d give to revisit these lands and experience them as I did then!

  The last night before my flight back to an opportunity to replenish funds, I settled
  into the little nook I''d called home (after my feet had been sufficiently punished
  for the day). "Hey! What are you doing there?" called out a dimly familiar, British
  voice. I hesitantly looked up to see the bewildered face of my plane-neighbour.
  His eyes filling me with hope as mine seemed to fill his with woe. Not an hour later
  I found myself taking the most glorious shower of my life, the proud owner of a
  real, proper bed for the night. One thing''s certain: my next visit to the throne
  of bubbles is sure to be at least a touch more refined.. I write as I take a break
  from my currently week of adventures in Bordeaux.'
