Title: The Summer of Love
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-summer-of-love
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Amer Alic
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I arrived on a cold and gray Oporto morning after being promised sun and surf
  by the neighbors in surrounding Spain. I inhaled the crisp morning air, took a deep
  breath, looked at my newly found Russian friend, and told her this is it, this is
  our moment. After checking into a lovely 5 star hotel me and Olla proceeded to familiarize
  ourselves with layout of the room.  We took enjoyed walking around the local neighborhoods
  and sight seeing all the famous locations. We proceeded to go on dates to newly
  discovered bars, clubs and restaurants. We spent time getting to know each other
  spiritually, physically, and mentally. During one sunset Olla and I found ourselves
  getting handsy on the beach, turning our heads every so often to ensure that the
  sightseers are there for the sunset and not for our affection. Oh the times I heard
  her scream words and phrases in Russian that I could only imagine what they meant.  Eventually
  as Olla and I continued to explore the rest of Portugal our romance started to fizzle
  out. We spent a lot of time together and soon started to enjoy the company of others
  as an escape from one another. Neither of us were jealous and both wanted to have
  a fun vacation. She didn't get jealous when I flirted with other girls, and I stopped
  myself from getting jealous when I saw her with other guys. It was a mutual understanding
  and out of respect for one another, we agreed to keep other interests hidden from
  one another. We were both in our late 20s and very well understand the complexity
  of modern dating. We were both open and shared things in common. We knew where this
  was going and liked every second of it. We continued to dance, drink, party, surf,
  explore, and love all up until the the final nights of our stay. We were staying
  in a surf hostel in Carcavelos that had a a big reputation online as a fun and party
  hostel, but the first couple of nights there were chill and mellow. The first couple
  days of surfing took a toll on us so we laid back, listened to music, hung out with
  others by the bonfire. Eventually, the hostel finally had a good crew and so with
  the newly stocked beer fridge and the newly discovered DJ, Olla and I continued
  on like usual, dancing and mingling with the other guests. She caught me in the
  bathroom several times that night to sneak kisses in, however my feelings for her
  were not there anymore. In fact I felt my feelings for her fade away day by day.
  That same night I met an Austrian girl who spoke perfect English and had the prettiest
  blue eyes. We made eye contact several times and I finally mustered up some courage
  to strike a conversation. After spending some time together talking we decided to
  go outside and get away from all the other drunks. With one look into her eyes I
  took a deep breath and went in for the kiss. Her lips were magical like the night
  ahead of us. We were able to be discrete and it appeared that no one noticed us
  disappear nor comeback to the party. The next morning Olla and I went to the beach
  to surf once last time before we parted ways. I told her I enjoyed her company and
  would look forward to many more trips. She nodded her head in agreement and leaned
  in to gave me a kiss on the cheek.
