Title: The Adventurous Gate
DateModified: '2019-02-22'
DatePublished: '2019-02-22'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-adventurous-gate
SetInCountry: Honduras
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Mae-Emlyn Currie
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I didn't know what to expect when I agreed to join my parents on a medical mission
  trip to the outskirts of Tegucigalpa, Honduras. All I knew is that I'd be gone from
  school for a week, but being in eighth grade, I didn't mind that tiny setback. I
  was nervous and scared to fly to a country I had never been to before, but I understood
  how impoverished the country was and how much they needed the medical attention
  we'd be providing. We left at 2 AM for Memphis International Airport and found ourselves
  landing in Tegucigalpa that afternoon. Located above the equator, Honduras gave
  me the opportunity to wear t-shirts again because I had left a January in Mississippi
  behind. The weather was warm and breezy, yet a chill never brushed across my skin.
  Leaving the capital in the dust, I soon found myself surrounded by rocky roads,
  lush, green trees, friendly faces and the sound of nature. I stayed in a cabin with
  a female translator named Raquel, who was one year younger than me. She speculated
  that I would be a spoiled brat since my parents were Caucasian medical professionals,
  but she was proven wrong by my talkative, humble self and my Chinese complexion.
  Being with Raquel and the other translators, who were also teenagers, made me feel
  comfortable, and I was able to enjoy myself and have fun. Raquel and I worked in
  the dentistry, where I gave out toys to children after they saw the doctor. Their
  smiling faces caused me to realize that we take a lot for granted in the United
  States and that in a third world country like Honduras, a simple stuffed animal
  can make a child's world. They don't have access to clean water, air conditioning,
  electricity or vehicles. The majority of patients, who visited us, walked miles
  to see us because they did not have transportation, and my parents warned me that
  when I showered to not swallow the water due to the possibility of contracting parasites.
  My week flew by, and I was eager to return the next year, which is what I did. I
  missed my translator friends and the joy they brought to my life in such a short
  amount of time. This just proves that one person can make an impact in a person's
  life, even if it's just for a day. Honduras opened up the adventurous gate inside
  of me, and it had been dormant since I sailed around the Mediterranean Sea with
  my family when I was 2. Now I am no longer fearful to travel to what I used to consider
  "unknown territories" because the faith I have in people is much stronger than the
  doubt that likes to grow in the corners of my mind.
