Title: The Story of Daniz
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-story-of-daniz
SetInCountry: Cambodia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Rasha Choudhury
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I think that no one of us can ever truly anticipate the small encounters which
  end up changing our lives in profound ways. Such an encounter happened to me while
  I was 21 years old backpacking through Southeast Asia. After a 12 hour bumpy bus
  ride from Bangkok, I arrived in Siem Reap with tired eyes but an open heart. I was
  21 years old, and it was my first time backpacking, my experience was limited, and
  my nature always favored a more spontaneous attitude. As such, I had not booked
  a hostel prior to arriving. I walked off of the bus and through the humid July air
  using my trusted Google maps to guide me to one of the most popular hostels for
  backpackers. The receptionist quickly informed me that they had no more space to
  accommodate me, and that I should have considered booking a bed in advance. However,
  they guided me to two nearby hostels, both which ended up being fully booked, out
  of luck, out of battery charge, sweating profusely, and with a 14 L backpack on
  my back, I sat on the side streets of Siem Reap, hungry, exhausted, defeated, and
  in tears. In that moment, I looked up to see a woman riding her bicycle down the
  street. The woman, Daniz, stepped off her bike, sat by my side, and asked me why
  I was crying, I explained to her my situation, she offered me water, and opened
  up her heart and home to me for the the next few days. Daniz and I become fast friends,
  our bond strengthened through our stories, through exchanging recipes, and through
  our shared love for human connection. Daniz was a 26 year old Turkish expat living
  in Cambodia, she had dreams to open up a school for the local children in the community.
  Her home was a place full of warmth, and love. Throughout the day, we would receive
  many visitors, locals, other Turkish expats, and even stray kittens which Daniz
  took in as her own. Our evenings were spent drinking the local beer, gorging on
  food, and singing famous Turkish songs. On my last evening in Siem Reap, I told
  Daniz my dream to travel across Europe the following year. Daniz made me promise
  her that If I made it to Europe,  I would set aside time to stay with her in Istanbul.
  Having been so captivated by her stories about Turkey, I promised her I would. I
  parted ways with her the same way I had met her, in tears. I was in awe that a stranger
  was capable of loving me like family. Two months later, after having arrived back
  in Canada. I sent Daniz a few messages to check in on her. My messages were left
  unopened. I figured she must be busy, but decided to visit her Facebook page to
  see what she had been up to. Upon clicking her page, my blood went cold. I sat in
  shock behind my laptop for a few minutes. A post written by a friend revealed that
  Daniz had passed away a month ago, on her birthday, on the island of Sihanoukville.
  Daniz had drowned in the ocean, saving the life of someone else. Her name "Daniz"
  meant ocean in Turkish. Her death impacted me hugely, I carried her in my thoughts
  daily. I strived to be more compassionate, and more loving. One year later, I made
  it to Europe, after having spent three months in the South of France, I spent days
  trying to conjure up my next destination. During those days, Daniz was never far
  from my mind. I made the decision to honour the promise I made to Daniz, to travel
  to Turkey even though she was no longer there for me to physically visit. Throughout
  my three months in Turkey, I constantly felt her spirit and essence with me, I met
  people who shared so much of her spirit, and I always believed that she guided me
  to her land and took care of me in the form of everyone I met. With every blessing
  that came my way in Turkey, I only had Daniz to thank.
