Title: 'The Stranger Next to Me '
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-stranger-next-to-me
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sofia Andrea Enriquez Porras
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'I found myself sitting next to a woman and her son during the first of the
  three planes and one train I had to take to reach Lille, France, where I would study
  a semester abroad. Maybe I was just nervous - I was traveling alone to a continent
  I have never been before - or maybe I was just grateful that the kid beside me was
  not the type of kid that is a nightmare to have sitting somewhere close to you -
  throwing tantrums, kicking on the back of your sit, we know the type - but I eventually
  decided to compliment the woman sitting next to me about her son.

  "What a nice kid you have" was all it took to start a conversation that lasted until
  the end of the flight. We chatted about nothing and everything, I told her where
  I was heading and how nervous I was about losing my next flight because I had made
  two huge mistakes: the first one was buying individual flights so I would have to
  check in my luggage in every ariport, and the second was not having scheduled a
  reasonable amount of time between my first and second flight. She just looked concerned
  about this, but she was someone I had just met, and what could she do besides listening
  to me, right?

  We finally reached Mexico city, and I could tell something was off - the plane had
  just landed, but it was not in a gate. The plain was idle somewhere in the runway,
  the passangers kept waiting for instructions, my nerves started rising from my stomach
  into my back and up to my head, and the woman beside me started talking on the phone.
  I kept thinking I was going to lose my plane when the woman finally hung up the
  phone and told me "listen, you are not going to make it". I couldn''t believe what
  I just heard, why would she say the one thing you don''t want to hear in a moment
  like that? Then she added, "my husband is the director of the airport, he is doing
  everything he can to get the plane into a gate, but there are some problems, so
  they are sending a bus to take the passengers into the airport." Then again I couldn''t
  believe what I was hearing, but few minutes later the bus arrived and we were heading
  to the airport. And what about the luggage in which I carried basically all the
  stuff I needed for a semester aboard? It was left behind in the plane. When we reached
  the luggage claim the woman told me I needed to go and take my flight, otherwise
  I would lose it and then offered herself to do something that I could not again
  believe. She offered to search for my luggage and send it back to my parents, so
  they could send it to France. I could not believe a stranger would do that for someone
  she just met. But she did. And she paid for it. I ran to my next flight while hearing
  my name being "last-called" through the loud speakers, and I cried when I finally
  sat down. The woman contacted my parents and send them my luggage as she said she
  would, and would not accept being paid back for the shipping costs of the luggage.
  I never forgot her kind actions toward me, I kept her phone, sent her messages every
  once in a while, even later that year of 2017 when terrible news shook our country.
  It was the 19th of september and an earthquake had affected several regions of Mexico.
  Buildings had fallen, people had died. In the midst of those moments of human weakness,
  one starts going through all the family members and friends that could have been
  affected, not thinking that they are one of the victims, but praying that they are
  safe. Among them, I contacted the woman who had helped me. I still feel my blood
  freeze every time I recall what her message said: "My son was one of the victims
  of the earthquake, may God rest his soul".'
