Title: The companion
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-companion
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Simranjeet Dhaliwal
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I was travelling to Moods with my friend Jessica. She is my friend from school,
  that I got to know in the last year. She was one of the cool kids and had a way
  to herself that I just couldn't miss. I had known her a few weeks when I realised
  I had a serious crush on her and from then on it was a long and arduous journey
  to win her heart and get her attention, over god knows how many guys talk to her.
  So at the moment of this trip, I was doing pretty good. My attention and affection
  had paid off and now I was a regular on her whatsapp. She knew I liked her but at
  the same time I didn't cross any lines to make it awkward. Sometimes I felt she
  was warming up to the idea of me and was opening up to me. This trip was the perfect
  opportunity. To start the day we went shopping and after wards we just went off
  to explore this residential area nearby. I enjoyed everything about that day, the
  way we met each others glances, the way she walked with a carelessness only a kid
  just out of school knows. We saw some puppies on the side of the road, so I went
  to pet them and so did she. She wasn't getting bored of my company at all but was
  taking initiative and liked the decision I made. This had to be good sign. We were
  having a great time when a group of local kids came along, they were not more that
  three years old. Now I know for a fact that she told me she doesn't want kids in
  life and that's the thought that jumped into my head. Looking back, she has such
  a high pedestal in my head that, being underconfidant, I couldnt help but look for
  her approval.  I'm great with animals and I'm better with kids. We were so happy
  that day, it is a special memory in my mind. The day only got better, we started
  talking to the kids. We had the cutest conversation as they told us about the name
  of the puppies, about each other and on. I loved how Jessica took initiative. She
  had a place nearby and she told the kids she would love a visit anytime and it was
  so sweet. As we got us to leave the children pleaded with us to stay and spend time
  with us and I just asked what would we do anyway, but it was obvious. So I told
  them we would play with them. The kids loved her and swarmed around her as we held
  their hands and we lead to see the surroundings. We did so enjoying every moment.
  Then we stopped in an alley, where there was a flowering tree. I reached over and
  gave flowers to her and the kids. I can't stress enough how cute it was to see the
  kids chat with Jessica. Then I lifted some kids up into the air to reach the flowers
  one by one and so did she. When I saw her doing that as the sun shines on her, I
  knew I was in love. We left that place that day and promised to visit again, spending
  a whole day doing nothing productive, but no experience in the world could make
  up for the joyous moments we lived and happiness we shared.
