Title: The best mistake I ever made.
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-best-mistake-i-ever-made
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Aspasia Tatuila
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: Growing up in a traditional Tongan household was my routine. Every day I would
  wake up, say my morning pray, have my breakfast and shoot out the door. Every night
  I would walk back in through that same door, have my dinner, do my homework, say
  my evening pray and go to sleep. School, home, family, church and God was all I
  knew. There were no "mum, dad, can I sleep over at my friends house?" or "mum, dad
  can I go to my friends house party tonight?" Asking for a simple hangout at the
  mall was like climbing a never ending wall and if there was an end to it I'd always
  end up in quicksand at the bottom. Not once did I travell out of New Zealand and
  yet the tiniest little trip only three hours away from my home had me feeling like
  I flew half way across the world. I've lied in school and I've lied to my friends,
  but nothing NOTHING could ever beat the amount of betrayal I felt when walking out
  the front door after telling my parents I was going away on a study camp with classmates.
  That's how easy it was. Being in that moment made me want to cave in so badly as
  my mum stood from the window waving with a smile, and my dad walking me to the car
  while investigating Roses car. As he shut the door behind dad leaned in - quickly
  glancing at Rose in the drivers seat - and whispered to me "Don't do anything I
  wouldn't" he chuckled. We obviously didn't go to a study camp but if we did I doubt
  there would've been much study done. There was a festival called 'One love' happening
  in the South island and my friend and I managed to get down there on our own with
  our own money and our own supplies. Looking back now I'm actually really proud of
  myself. I jumped off a cliff (with a bungy of course). I walked the furthest I ever
  walked, thanks to a broken down car and no cell signal. I met all kinds of people
  from different walks of life and although I didn't study one bit, I still learnt
  more in those three days than I ever did sitting in a boxed classroom, or would've
  learnt at any study camp. Although I did what my dad wouldn't have done, at least
  I can say that I've done something.
