Title: The City and Me
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-city-and-me
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Gita Alvernita Andre
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'I was 11 year old when my dad introduced me to American culture in the 90s
  through Friends TV show. The series describe the freedom of 20-something friends
  living their life in NYC. Even though Friends is criticized for their inaccuracy
  of portraying the life of young people in NYC and how it was shot actually in the
  LA studio, one thing for sure: they have planted the idea of NYC in my head for
  years. The people, the city, and the idea of existence in NYC. For years, I watched
  NYC-located films, and it took me 19 years to finally set my foot in this love affair.
  I''ve been in love with the idea finding myself in NYC for a long time. It''s an
  american dream to fight for in my part. Now, for work reason, I get a chance of
  actually get a glimpse of what hjman can do for the sake of better life. At first,
  I make an NYC film location tour. Each locations that reminded me with the films,
  either singing 30 Rock theme song in front of the 30 Rockefeller Center or cheekily
  humming to Ghostbuster theme song during the New York Public Library visit, trying
  to eat in Sally''s table in Katz''s Delicatessen is somewhat an impossible task
  to do due to the always crowded place in the restaurant, or imagining the Marilyn
  Monroe holding her skirt off the wind in Lexington Avenue. Through the eye of 11
  year old girl who lives for the idea of NYC through films, I get the sense of how
  the city itself. It represents ambition, passion, and drive. The people is the toughest
  cookie I''ve ever met. They don''t care yet they glare on something that intrigued
  them. I still remember how people stare at me and my hijab during my visit to St.
  Patrick''s Cathedral. Along the way, I found people-like the city- racing against
  time to keep moving forward whether the city is full of ambilance sorens and honks
  or the people plainly screaming in the strert over personal matter.

  It is hard not to be sentimental over the city and those movies I lived watching
  it successfully build up my own expectation towards the city. It is the greatest
  city in the world for a reason and I finally understand it why. Not because how
  glamorous the life in it is (even though, it''s something that is inevitable to
  look for). But I think what makes NYC the greatest city in the world is because
  how it values history and process. Along with big building and modern retail company
  that ornated the city, there are still numerous old building with the old theme
  architecture that screams our attention to it. For millenials, this screams an instagrammable
  moment, but for me particularly-it screams for stories. Not once do I stop to get
  the picture of an old apartment that may be overlooked by the people. But, I''m
  still standing funnily to get a picture of it. I did that just to remember how the
  city made me feel. The city made me feel overwhelmed of how it progress from old
  New York that depicted through the media and the new New York as it shows now. Every
  corner of the city (the building, the people, the traffic, the sirens, the transportation)
  literally everything has some stories to tell. And setting my foot in New York Public
  Library sets me the idea of how New York builds the nation. New York is an example
  of the road to the American dream-people which I meet during the travel said that
  the city changed a lot to the one in 1960s, it changed to internationally, how the
  people immersed to other culture. And at the end of the day, just like the two lions
  that guard the New York Public Library, I finally realize how New York shaped the
  city and the society: by patient and fortitude. You can never really hate New York
  and that is exactly why it is called the greatest city in the world.'
