Title: The beautiful Journey to Gede Pangrango Mount
DateModified: '2019-02-19'
DatePublished: '2019-02-19'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-beautiful-journey-to-gede-pangrango-mount
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Indri Galuh
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'I tried to climb the mountain for the first time, and the mountain that visited
  was Mount Gede Pangrango. I never climbed because I preferred to explore the island.
  But because some of my friends invited me to try to climb the mountain, I finally
  tried to climb Gede Pangrango mountain. I have a partner for vacation or traveling,
  he is Gandry and he is the one who invited me to try to climb the mountain. That
  day in the middle of the year, we decided to invite other friends to climb the mountain.
  We think our preparation is enough to take us to Mount Gede Pangrango. But it turned
  out that materially was not enough to take us to Gunung Gede Pangrango. The path
  that we thought was easy, turned out to be muddy and difficult to pass. Too many
  large tree roots make the journey more difficult. We were thirsty because the water
  supply we brought was getting thinner and starving because there was no right place
  for us to try cooking food. As the day progressed, the forest and surroundings grew
  colder. Too much emotion and energy drained made us want to go home more and not
  continue the journey. The trip, which only lasted a few hours, had to be passed
  for 8 hours. Arriving at Surya Kencana, everything didn''t work out. Because of
  the heavy rain, we had not had the chance to build tents or tents. We have to stay
  in the tents of food vendors in Surya Kencana. Over night, the rain doesn''t stop.
  My friends tried to break through the fog to find a place to build a tent so we
  could sleep comfortably. At midnight, we finally slept in a food vendor tent and
  the others were still building tents. One of our friends got sick and got hypothermia,
  and that made things worse. Until the next morning, a sunny morning greeted us even
  though there was still fog around the mountain and we enjoyed the beauty of Mount
  Gede Pangrango.


  Our situation was not good, after eating without reaching the top of the mountain
  we finally decided to get off. The trip down was easy, everything went smoothly.
  But we were separated from the group due to heavy rain, we decided to stop to take
  shelter but it made things even more complicated. I experienced hypothermia until
  I fainted. Other climbers tried to help me and finally called the emergency relief
  team of Gunung Besar Pangrango. I was rescued by a rescue team and taken to an emergency
  post. And for that night some of us decided to stay at the post until tomorrow morning.
  The next morning we went down better, and went home with a tired body. From our
  journey, all learned that hiking is not easy. Climbing the mountain is not about
  having fun. Despite many difficulties, my friends and I decided to climb other mountains
  at a later time.'
