Title: The city of donkeys and dollars
DateModified: '2019-02-23'
DatePublished: '2019-02-23'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-city-of-donkeys-and-dollars
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Cinzia Volpe
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'If you think the United States, what comes to mind? Skyscrapers, traffic, sea,
  natural parks, huge malls to get lost ... But let''s step back in history when you
  think you''ve seen everything, this huge continent that is America, here comes Arizona,
  with '' amazing town of Oatman , dispersed within the Black Mountains , which will
  leave you in awe. It was once inhabited by gold miners, but still some people living
  there permanently, to keep it from becoming a ghost town, as it has been for Calico
  . Parked at the beginning of the city your car and walk along the dusty roads, including
  saloon, Souvenir shops, restaurants and wooden platforms, which will crack your
  every step. While visiting the area, you will be in the company, because the burros
  , donkeys nice loose, follow you, in search of food. There is clearly written, with
  a note attached to their foreheads, that you do not give him carrots, because these
  would shake them; no panic though, because you can buy the proper food, which is
  distributed in the city and in this way you can get close to them and take some
  exciting photos. These animals are protected by the state and are allowed to run
  free, in what today is their home and their natural habitats. If you are fans of
  western movies, This town will give you the emotion of living in it and you can
  also watch a live shoot, thanks to cowboy actors who suddenly will simulate a robbery
  at a bank . Fun is guaranteed! At one point, after wandering among the souvenir
  shops and have watched the show between 12 and 13:30, I imagine that you will be
  hungry. Consequently you can not miss the only restaurant saloon of the place, but
  do not expect a place like many others: you will find all the interior walls, covered
  with one US dollar bills , signed by all visitors and attack thanks to a stapler,
  which will run between the tables in the saloon.Come equipped with one US dollar,
  write the date and name and you also become the main walls of this room! There is
  talk of over $ 100,000 and no one has stolen them! In the menu you will find special
  burger with beef stew, fries, hot dogs and donkey ears: do not panic, because in
  fact, potatoes are great as the donkey ears and fried the American way. A delight
  to try! Oatman is also part of the famous trail Route66 : you have to be ready to
  take pictures with bikers and Harley Davidson strangest in the world! To enjoy all
  this, you have to get to the city, through a narrow and winding path, no guard rail
  and big overhangs; I can assure you, however, that it''s worth the penae if you
  are in the area, you do not miss Oatman, one of the most amazing old city, lives
  and characteristics of America.'
