Title: The Carvings of Cave Men
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-carvings-of-cave-men
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: KRISHNA PRIYA  THULASEEDHARAN
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The bus was running smoothly across the fog into the meandering ways ahead.
  A jerk woke me up to the aroma of coffee plantations on the slanting hills on one
  side. We were all so tired of the previous day''s shivering cold and rainy day in
  Ooty. The cold was gone and a familiar warmth, a familiar talk surrounded us. The
  majestic hills were waving at us from a distance all set to welcome a bunch of awe
  struck young people. Those have caves were once the cave men took shelter; those
  who slept with their memories for years waiting to get discovered. The unknown culture,
  the unknown languages, the unknown emotions all those waiting to see us admire them.
  The thought itself made me jump up and look closer through the window.

  My dearest friend was not up from her sleep till I shook her up with excitement."Look
  around, there to that hill side , to the greenery, to the rising son who peers into
  the huts. Wake up or you will miss this". My words woke her up and soon she was
  with me to enjoy the day. The bus reached the parking space where the locals were
  waiting to attract the attention of foreigners, with their small stalls. We immediately
  started climbing the steep road made in the hill between thick and long trees. The
  roadside stands were set up by the locals. We couldn''t resist an urge to buy the
  mango pickle in a glass jar. One piece for each and the taste buds traveled back
  to our childhood when we climbed the mango trees to pluck a ripe mango and ate it
  along with a pinch of salt and chilli powder. From a distance two Indian Rhesus
  Macaques were staring at our mango pickles. It posed for a picture and took its
  way up a higher tree.

  We were walking for about half an hour and we saw a board with a dark green building
  which clearly said that we have only reached the lower entrance. The tickets were
  collected from there and the plastic bottles and packages were securely placed in
  the building. Again a long walk of steep hill we saw the rocks which were bigger
  than expected. Through the rocks there was a pathway, where we entered with our
  head lowered as the entrance was smaller for a tall person. The steel steps were
  provided with rails for safety. The sun rays were peeping inside through almost
  every nook and corner. From the small class when we were taught about the great
  civilizations, I was always interested to go after the archaeological facts of the
  world, but never got an opportunity to see one this close. The marvel was just one
  step away. The art of the unknown ancestors who carved out the rocks with the rocks.
  There it was in front of me, the rounds and lines through which they must have expressed
  their inner feelings. Some were faded because of the changing atmosphere, but most
  of them were kept intact. I was standing were once a man  must have stood with a
  rock and carved all these wonders in the rock walls. A guide was talking loud about
  the discovery of the place. The petroglyphs showed some men with big hat like thing
  on their head. I was trying to imagine how he must have been in reality. The guide
  then again raised his voice to say that the cave is believed to be dated at least  in
  6000 B C. We returned to the entrance of the cave slowly immersing in the thoughts
  of a big community unknown to us. This was the Edakkal Caves which I heard a lot
  in my childhood but never visited before. I stood there watching a big chunk of
  green Wayanad from that hill top taking a leap into the unknown.'
