Title: The Warm Royal Bath and Khaleesi, Bath, Temle And Khaleesi
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-warm-royal-bath-and-khaleesi-bath-temle-and-khaleesi
SetInCountry: Sudan
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Eman Ahmed
AuthorCountry: Sudan
Text: 'North Sudan, 4 Years ago and I''m keeping remember it like it was yesterday
  through the warm sands and  The hot winds, It was a long Journey but it worth it.
  my teacher told us on the bus our Destination is the Royal City, It was My first
  time to hear this name and I thought It is a name of local park with a cafeteria
  that served a mango juice or it may be a joke and we are heading back to the camp.
  Nothing will impress me more like al Bajrawia Pyramids that it tells on the grave
  walls a secret and a tales of a 5000 years. When we arrived Well... there was a
  small gallery in front of what they called The Royal City my teacher said we well
  come here again after our tour. we head to the Royal City At the beginning it was
  like what I expect a wide space of sand land but after while when I looked at the
  Ground There is something else The Stones was Different more Harder and darker one
  of the guards said keep walking its a long way There was a stunning trees a thousand
  years of trees and the the thrill begins when I discovered We are on a hill and
  the view was different than I expect and I started to ask questions I Stood in front
  of a Great Statue, but Sadly without a Head I was wondered, Then I asked Where is
  the head? Why Didn''t they Saved it From being Destroyed? or Does some bounty thief''s
  Stolen it ? But The Answer was Brilliant, Simply My teacher Said "History". This
  Statue Belongs to Julius Caesar and here I Started to be curious. Then he continued
  to Tell: 2000 years ago an Old Kandaka (ancient Sudanese Queen''s called Kandaka,
  Just like Khaleesi of Dothoraki''s) called Amanishakheto Ruled Kush Kingdom, She
  Lead an Army with 30000 Soldiers to free Aswan City from the Romans colonialism
  and She won and Brought with her 3 Statues of Julius Caesar. The Kandaka was Brave
  Enough to Smash the Statues Head and told The Citizen to Walk through it on the
  floor. I was Impressed By Her then we headed to the City Temple With his thick Giant
  Smashed columns and There was 3 hall the First and wide hale was for the common
  people, The second Hall was Medium for the Nobles and The royal Family and The Queen  and
  The Last hall Small and for The king with Small Throne to set on it and a secret
  Entrance. Our Next Step was a far away Square Building Close To the Nile, They said
  It''s was The Royal Bath, To Be honest as I didn''t expect to see like it. Not in
  Sudan, It was Ruined but glorious  Like Old Greeks Bathes in movies. it was Deep,
  With tunnels for waters and other tunnels for water falls, Some ancient Illustrations
  Of Their Gods and Statues. They even Had an Expectation Photos of How Does it looks
  like During that days and It Was the best bath ever. After the Royal Bath we Headed
  Back to the Entrance gate to the Small Gallery With Black stones and some Bowels
  That I thought it Wont be impressive as much as the Royal Bath or The Temple, But
  Here I am Again with my False Expectation. It was Their Iron Factory and They were
  one of the first Civilizations who knew how to Make it in a Clever way. Unfortunately
  it was the last impressive thing to see there and While I''m heading back to the
  Camp all the way I was thinking What History could tell us, Finding a Royal Bath
  in the middle of Sudan Desert , What is there inside Married or close to Mumbai,
  Outside Cape town Borders or Between Budapest and Viennese. Defiantly The Endless
  wonders of the world.'
