Title: The Monk
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-monk
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Agostina Dasso
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'That day a small monk (of about eighty years of age, the height of my shoulders,
  and a smile that covered all of his face) crossed my path. Without knowing how,
  or why, he invited me to come to his house. Passing through the threshold I looked
  at my feet to make sure they were still barefoot, I asked permission with a bow
  and entered. Between laughs and eyes more slanted than normal, he approached me
  with millions of envelopes and letters, postcards and (mysteriously) bags and bags
  of coffee. In a barely understandable English, he asked for my name and email, bringing
  a notebook full of information and addresses of people from all over the world.
  I remembered my grandmother and the way she dipped her fingers to wander inside
  the pages of her personal numbers diary. I tried to ensure a legible letter and,
  while writing my name, he offereed a hot cup of coffee that I thanked with a reverence,
  a custom that is acquired in these distant lands.


  The monk, named Phracha Lerm (I think that was that), babbled words in English barely
  intelligible while I nodded and smiled, trying to concentrate on grabbing at least
  one complete sentence. At the end of our conversation full of grimaces, Argentinian
  and Thai expressions and many laughs, I could understand two very clear things.
  First, he wanted me to send him coffee from Argentina (and the reality is that I
  did not want to unlight that hope by telling him that we do not make good coffee
  there in the south), to which I assured him that I would send him a bag. The second
  one, I prefer to quote it: "Argentina and Thailand, far away. Bangkok and Buenos
  Aires, far away. But hearts- pointed to his and then pointed delicately at mine-
  even though far, now close. Close."


  Without realizing it, a tear slid down my cheek. Stuttered my words, held back,
  I smiled. The clock made me realize that I was late to my meditation. I hurried
  down the coffee (which was still hot) and peeked to go. I stood up straight in front
  of the monk, put my hands over my heart in a prayer gesture and bowed. He imitated
  my movement with that smile I found the very first moment I saw him. Right then
  I knew it would never disappear. Immediately I ran to the temple, still barefoot
  and knelt before Buddha. I asked him for my smile not to disappear either.'
