Title: The lustrious new skin of travel
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-lustrious-new-skin-of-travel
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Kati Garrison
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I developed a bit of a crush on the gum trees I spotted on my first run around
  Lake Monger, and my adoration for this majestic flora continues to grow with each
  additional sighting.


  These trees are sprinkled across the neighborhoods of Perth, as abundantly as the
  rainbow dots of nonpareils on fairy bread. They impart a calming presence upon the
  streets as their leaves whisper notes of an existence more grounded and true than
  our own. Even among a forest of fellow vegetation, the gum tree stands out, exuding
  grace in the shedding of its rough and worn bark to reveal a smooth ivory layer
  within.


  I have never caught even a glimpse of something quite like it. When I lay my eyes
  on its freshly exposed flesh, I cannot fight the urge to touch it. And every time
  I run my fingers across its surface, I am astounded by the satiny finish. Yet, with
  the passage of time, and the beating of the rays from the harsh Australian sun,
  this flawless skin begins to exhibit signs of weathering as it gradually fragments,
  peels away, and drifts to the ground. In extreme circumstances, such as drought,
  some species will even drop an entire limb. Seemingly, without warning, the tree
  will sacrifice a significant portion of its composition in an attempt to save what
  remains. How incredibly powerful!


  I almost don''t dare to make this comparison as I feel unworthy of a creation so
  mesmerizing, but on occasion, I give flight to my imagination and entertain the
  notion that traveling transmogrifies me into a gum tree.


  Through traveling, I gain the privilege of sloughing off my bark, leaving behind
  past actions that perhaps I am not so proud of and decisions that have hurt myself
  or others. Some individuals may view arriving in a new land without a human support
  system to be the epitome of terrifying, but I opt to see it as an opportunity to
  start over with a lustrous new skin.


  Events that transpired over this past year perforated my spirit in ways I will never
  possess the words to articulate. When faced with two choices, both of which would
  lead to regret, I had to decide which regret I could live with the most. The damage
  this choice caused is one I will live with forever. I''ve certainly committed a
  great deal of mistakes, treated others in a less than optimal manner, and mixed
  up my priorities. I have made my peace with these flaws, but at times, those who
  surround us render healing and moving forward a rather arduous task. We view one
  another through the lenses of all our past encounters. We judge how one will act
  in the present, based on their past, and alter our behavior or treatment of that
  individual accordingly. Even I am guilty of this habit. It happens on a subconscious
  level and is very difficult, if not impossible, to suppress.


  This is why I sometimes need to travel. I need to be able to slough off the bits
  of my past that no longer play a supportive role in my future. I need to surround
  myself with people who can see me with my new skin and not form opinions about the
  person I am based upon my past cracked and dried-out bark. It''s not that I let
  others'' opinions dictate who I am, but to extend the tree metaphor, it''s hard
  to grow in the shade of others. I need to be cast out on my own and given the space
  to grow new limbs, constantly cultivating new leaves and shaping myself into something
  better. Yes, there are shedding periods during which I look like a royal mess. Giant
  strips of my old self cling onto me until the strength of the wind and passing time
  pull them away. Yet, eventually, the undesirable strips scatter to reveal a new
  beauty underneath.


  If you could shed your bark, like a gum tree, what would you slough off? What figurative
  limb would you drop? Imagine how travel can present you with the opportunity to
  rise majestically towards the sky and show off your fresh ivory skin.'
