Title: 'The  beauty of Bangladesh '
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-beauty-of-bangladesh
SetInCountry: Bangladesh
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Zakirul Islam Zakir
AuthorCountry: Bangladesh
Text: 'I have traveled within my country Bangladesh. Especially the longest sea beach
  in the world ,about 120 kilometer length  and Chittagong Hill Tracks. . Chattogram
  Division in southeastern Bangladesh, bordering India and Myanmar (Burma). Covering
  13,295 square kilometres (5,133 sq mi), they formed a single district until 1984,
  when they were divided into three districts: Khagrachari District, Rangamati Hill
  District, and Bandarban District. Topographically, the Hill Tracts are the only
  extensively hilly area in Bangladesh. It was historically settled by many tribal
  refugees from Burma Arakan in 16th century and now it is settled by indigenous peoples
  who have been living there since.


  The Chittagong Hill Tracts along with Ladakh, Sikkim, Tawang, Darjeeling, Bhutan
  and Sri Lanka, constitute the few remaining abodes of Buddhism in South Asia. I
  woke up early in the morning and taken bath .Then I have reached the railway station
  of Rajshahi ,Bangladesh.Then I have reached the capital city of Bangladesh  by the"
  Dhoomketo Express"train.Then I have reached Chittagong town,also known as Chittagong
  Hill Tracks for Hilly area.Then I have stayed in a hotel in Bandarban as a central
  point.Finally I started my travel.Here also "Bijoy Sringo" is a mountain about 1231
  meter height. The" chimbuk moutain" and "Nilgiri Mountain" also situated besides
  the" Bijoy Sringo".It is really beautiful and nice place in the world.It is too
  much difficult to me ascend the top of the mountain .I have taken a stick which
  also help me to ascend the top of the mountain.Like other mountainous areas in South
  and Southeast Asia, the Chittagong Hill Tracts are undergoing deforestation and
  land degradation arising from environmentally unsuitable activities such as tobacco
  cultivation in sloping land, shifting cultivation and logging. Shifting cultivation,
  also known as slash-and-burn agriculture or swidden cultivation, embraces a large
  variety of primitive forms of agriculture. It is a special stage in the evolution
  from hunting and food gathering to sedentary farming. It is estimated that on average
  eight hectares of land is necessary for the sustenance of a family in the Chittagong
  Hill Tracts. If this ratio is adopted, 1,240,000 ha land is required to sustain
  the present population; however, the total land available, excluding the reserve
  forest, is 928,000 ha. Shifting cultivation, therefore, cannot fulfill even the
  subsistence requirements of the people. In such a situation, either large non-farm
  employment opportunities need to be created or more productive land-use systems
  need to be developed and adopted. Given the sluggish growth of the economy, there
  is limited scope for generating adequate non-farming employment opportunities in
  the near future. It is, therefore, imperative to replace the present shifting cultivation
  system with more productive and sustainable land use systems to enable people to
  secure their livelihoods.

  I have learnt many things from thi travel ,realized that travel can teach us about
  our environment,culture and nature of population.

  Then I have reached in coxes bazar by bus. It is the largest sea beach in the world.

  Cox''s Bazar pronounced  is a city, fishing port, tourism centre and district headquarters
  in southeastern Bangladesh. The beach in Cox''s Bazar is sandy and has a gentle
  slope; with an unbroken length of 120 km (75 mi), it is the longest natural sea
  beach in the world. It is located 150 km (93 mi) south of the divisional headquarter
  of Chittagong. Cox''s Bazar is also known by the name Panowa, which translates literally
  as "yellow flower". Another old name was "Palongkee".


  Today, Cox''s Bazar is one of the most visited tourist destinations in Bangladesh,
  although not a major international tourist destination. In 2013, the Bangladesh
  Government formed the Tourist Police unit to protect local and foreign tourists
  better, as well as to look after the nature and wildlife in the tourist spots of
  Cox''s Bazar.

  I love my country very much. But i want to go abroad for travel .It is very difficult
  to bear financial support for me.I would like to request to you as a student ,you
  will give me a chance to travel my favorite  footballer C. Ronaldo ,s country.I
  love him very much.'
