Title: The bewitching trail through Barcelona
DateModified: '2019-02-02'
DatePublished: '2019-02-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/the-bewitching-trail-through-barcelona
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Puja Kewalramani
AuthorCountry: India
Text: After 5 years of shuffling between jobs, degrees and various hobbies, I was
  diagnosed with a muscular condition known as Fibromyalgia. Unable to work, uninspired,
  frustrated, weak and tired of consistently failing, I finally decided to take a
  few steps back and take the year off and focus on healing myself. In the midst of
  my sabbatical, I was granted the opportunity to travel to the city of Barcelona
  with my best friend. I didn't know too much about the city, except that you get
  plenty of sangrias and batatas bravas and that seemed appealing enough to me. I
  was attending weekly philosophy classes in hopes of detaching myself from the depth
  of damage the past few years had done to my perception of myself; what I didn't
  realize is traveling to a different world may just be the fix I didn't know I needed.
  In the first week of April, we flew by Lufthansa Airlines and I must admit, whatever
  I did get to see of Munich from the inside of the airport was enough to inspire
  my mind with tales of fairies or other supernatural beings that reside within its
  velvet green pasture. After a long 16 hour journey, we entered the buzzing and illuminated
  airport of Barcelona and rushed to gather our luggage. We were greeted by a warm
  young taxi driver that spoke English and appreciated our attempt to communicate
  in broken Spanish. The drive to our apartment included views of plenty of vibrant
  and skillful graffiti among bursts of nature. While I was absorbing every aspect
  that I could, at that moment, I realized just how comfortable I felt by the energy
  of the city. Our apartments kitchen window was found right above a local bakery
  and yes, waking up to the scent of freshly baked bread and other sweet scents are
  exactly what it is made out for, enticing and homey! The city of Barcelona carries
  a bewitching charm through its ancient tales and structures. After a much-needed
  cappuccino that helped us brace the cold, we would set off to explore a different
  part of the city. As we were strolling through the cathedral of Barcelona, the enormity
  of the structure left me in awe of the ability of a human mind, or a group of human
  minds, to be able to design this complexity. I stared at the ceilings, feeling as
  small as I did and yet so at peace as though it is what this cathedral intended
  me to feel. We explored the best parts of the city by taking advantage of the luxury
  of strolling at our own comfort through its impeccable infrastructure; and what
  a luxury it is indeed especially for a person who lives in a city such as Mumbai.
  We would make frequent stops at the local bars and restaurants present within every
  2 blocks and made our best attempts at communicating in Spanish; even though most
  of the people were able to communicate in English. My favorite Spanish word was
  Agua (which translates to water) because it felt as refreshing to say as it did
  to drink. We even made friends with the staff in a local crepe restaurant since
  we stopped by at least once during each day of our 7-day trip. The waitress also
  happened to figure out that we were trying to go through the entire selection of
  crepes. The one crepe that managed to steal my heart was the manchego cheese and
  honey crepe; a type of cheese that is special to this city. Finally, the memory
  of a lifetime was made the world-famous Camp Nou stadium where we watched the team
  Barcelona and Juventus play a game in front of over 90,000 spectators. To see the
  breadth of unity that humanity is capable of declaring over a football match broke
  down some of my other mental blocks. It was this trip to Barcelona that awoke that
  wanderlust in me that I never knew I had. Every detail that I was able to perceive
  held a familiar feel. It felt like in some past lifetime, this city was my home.
