Title: Those places you love but won&#39;t prefer...  !
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/those-places-you-love-but-won-t-prefer
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Shubham sikdar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Sir .


  Born in city you get habituated to comfortable life more then an adventure , everyone
  desires for an adventure but not many try or have time. I myself currently living
  in a city know how things are but in past i used to consider myself one with mountains
  , me and my family we were surrounded by nature and leaving there was not as easy
  as that in city but it comes with adventure, liveliness and the freshness that you
  can''t dream to find easily in city. After forgetting how it felt to be in uphill
  ,i had a chance to remember those golden days .


  When you are on a trip and usually what you do is take pictures of urself but all
  i did was take multiple pics of those beautiful scenery that captured my eyes ,
  those different things happening ,difference in people the way they live , the things
  the do  and there''s all i could think about was difference while comparing them
  to my life . Comparing to those moments that environment made me realize that there
  is so many things i see here that was stopping me to leave this place ,i was reluctant
  to go because of those forgotten moments i didn''t expect to find."The thought that
  if i can start living here, starting from the scratch, ignoring the comfort of city
  and my old self,  and if i dare how for how long can i thinking of this while i
  return to the place where there is a limit to fly."


  It is not an easy task to be an traveler come writer , while you enjoy those moments
  you have to notice those important things to those native people, the secrets they
  don''t revel , the pain behind those smile ,the fun they cherish and the reason
  for the happiness in there eyes .These are not only talk but some realization i
  have for being observent in nature , good with communications , making fast and
  overly correct conclusions .


  I would like to offer myself and with confidence i assure of doing the best possible
  work i can and hope to achieve remarks to your expectations.


  Thanking you

  Shubham Sikdar'
