Title: Thrill and Travel
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/thrill-and-travel
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Irene Angela
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'After 20 years of living, I''ve finally ongoing a childhood dream most anime-loving
  persona, me, always look forward to: to be in Japan, to embrace Japanese culture,
  to localize in the settings used in comic books. I planned for 1-2 weeks of vacation
  with few friends in both Tokyo and Osaka during June 2018 as an addition to attending
  an academic conference in Shinjuku. We went in a 7-hours flight from Jakarta to
  Narita and took the regular underground line to our Airbnb located in Suginami-ku,
  a residential area in the outskirt of downtown Tokyo area. Filled with excitement,
  we directly went to Shinjuku on our first night to experience the bright LED in
  the area. However as we toured and shopped, an urgent message came, explaining how
  our next Airbnb rental in Osaka had been cancelled due to a certain governmental
  policy which had just been made effective on that day. With all the remaining credit
  card limit that we had (we were university students), we managed to settle down
  a listing in Shin-Osaka region which is about 5-6 km from Umeda (very similar to
  Manhattan-Bronx situation). The next day, Airbnb surprisingly gave us a gift, a
  full refund on our previously cancelled apartment plus a coupon for booking another
  listing that is twice the value we spent on our previous one. Additionally, a 100
  USD activity coupon was also given to us. We booked another room in Osaka using
  the discount coupon in Earthman''s hotel that is located in right in the heart of
  Dotonbori - the food & shop district area. We were also able to catch a kimono photography
  session in Kyoto area for free! Disclaimer: this is not an endorsed article, I just
  want to express how grateful I were for Airbnb''s outstanding way to resolve the
  issue ;) We enjoyed every bit of our "localizing process" in both Tokyo and Osaka,
  utilizing recommendations from travel apps, family and friends residing in Japan,
  and also from pleasant locals we met in some occurrences. One thing that took our
  stay to another level was the 5.5 Mw earthquake centered only 2 km away from our
  humble apartment in Shin-Osaka, that also left a huge hole (similar to land shrinkage)
  on the earthquake center. The event took place at Monday, June 18, 2018 morning
  when we were just finished preparing to leave for Universal Studio Japan (USJ).  The
  3-floor building shook like it was made of gelatin and loud earthquake alerts started
  on our phones out of nowhere (which I think is super cool). The experience was shocking
  for foreigners like us and few others we met after rushing to the streets. Conversely
  the locals were so calm. The city police even had to patrol around for 1-2 hours,
  sounding alarm and giving alerts on the streets to make sure nobody was unaware
  of the event. It looked like the Japanese are so used to earthquakes and very trusty
  of their anti-earthquake system in housing and other infrastructures. After the
  earthquake, underground rail lines were shut down for almost a full day long that
  we had to take the bus to get to USJ. Suddenly enough all Wi-Fi connection was made
  free to access due to the "City Emergency". Few rides in USJ were shut down due
  to security measures but we were still enjoying the day knowing that apparently
  everything was under control. Afterwards, numbers of smaller earthquakes happened
  throughout the week that we''d become so chill about them. Welp, it is safe to say
  that we had successfully become locals :)'
