Title: Time machine
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/time-machine-2
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Carmina Elena Vant
AuthorCountry: Romania
Text: 'Last year was traveling in Tenerife, one of the nicest and in the same time
  full of tourists island, but as always was traveling in my way: relax and on my
  own  company, avoiding as much as possible  the very touristic places. So in the
  last day of my stay I decided to see something interesting...the pyramids. At the
  beginning was suspicious about it, was not sure if is true or simply a tramp for
  the tourists, Pyramids of Guimar.

  I took the bus from Santa Cruz to the village where should be the pyramid. It was
  a nice ride as the transportation in the island is quite well, but for sure for
  isolated areas you need a car or wait a lot, anyway in my case was fine, got to
  the destination, asked a lady how to get to the pyramids and here I go up the hill,
  quite hot, regretting in my mind I chose to walk instead of taking a taxi, but it
  worth, at the half way to the  pyramids I discovered in the middle of the street
  a strange tree- was tulip tree, was looking  at the flowers that were fallen on
  the ground and studying them, such an interesting shape and it looked as  tulips,
  mother with kids were returning home from the school, and looked at me as  I would
  be a creepy creature,  but I did not care, was happy to discover something so special
  in the middle of the street.

  After few steps I got to the place, I saw written the pyramids of Guimar, but the
  tall fence did not allow me to see well what is inside. Again in my mind came the
  question: does it worth the effort to come until here to see a fence?  in the end
  I entered, the same suspicious question: does it worth? In fact the place has different
  attractions: a garden with poisonous plants with many instructions and descriptions
  related to the poisonous plants, stories of famous families as De Medici, who used
  this plants in the past in order to kill enemies,  there was an tent with lot of
  information about boats from different places around the world, a green house with
  orchids and carnivores plants, and a special orchid, with a special shape - and  Darwin
  was the one that anticipate the existence of a strange and non discovered insect
  that could help the plant to multiply- all about Biology...  There was also a room
  for  the Video, like a cinema, very nice and innovative where was shoot the  story
  of the life and expeditions  of the Norwegian Thor Heyerdahl, the man who discovered
  and studied the pyramids of Guimar. There is a nice park  around the strange pyramids,
  with benches and also some games which were fun to try, even if you are an adult.  The
  mystery of the pyramids has its own charm and I found myself spending there more
  than 3 hours, and the museum is going to close soon, what a pity, I did not get
  earlier to have more time to discover.  In the end I went to the lady from the tickets
  to return the audio guide and take my backpack from the locked box, but before I
  was just asking how  I can get easier to the airport from the museum: the lady started
  point different bus stations on a map, where should change, etc, then I said...
  well I think is easier to get a taxi as it is getting late and will lose the bus
  to go to the airport. I did not expect to find such a kind lady, she asked if I
  mind cigarettes then she said, come with me, will give you a ride until the bus
  stop to catch you bus to the airport, we had a nice talk about the mystery of pyramids
  and traveling, about the island and about living in Tenerife.

  That day was full of surprises for me: thankfully nice surprises: what would appear
  as a bad decision ended up to be the highlight of the trip. I did not expect to
  get  such a wonderful experience, such a wonderful lady.'
