Title: Time Waits For No One
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/time-waits-for-no-one
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Brelyn Campbell
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Ever since I was a little girl, I would adventure outside and explore for hours
  (rain or shine). I was a free-spirit, full of energy and optimism letting my feet
  take me where ever I wanted. I had always had a passion for exploring and seeking
  new beginnings and that never left me. I constantly searched for a new place to
  hike, a culture to appreciate, or people to connect with. The very first time I
  traveled outside the country by myself, I went to volunteer in Japan for one month.
  It was the greatest and most eye-opening experience in all the 20 years I had lived.
  I arrived at the airport at the crack of dawn, eagerly awaiting for my flight to
  board and to take off to an unknown land with a brand new culture and functionality.
  The fifteen hour flight of no sleep and anxiousness was all worth it when I set
  foot for the first time in Japan, the country I had dreamed about visiting since
  I was in middle school. The air seemed different, there were animals I had never
  seen before, and there was a huge smile on my face. I felt more at home in this
  country, than I had in my little home town in Dover, Delaware. I would be here for
  a month to stay with a host family and do volunteer work working at my host mother's
  English Studio. Every day we would teach people of all ages ranging between 2-60
  English through verbal and written skills. I loved singing the traditional American
  songs to help them learn, such as "Old McDonald" and "Happy Birthday". Of course,
  I had jetlag and even got sick, but that did not stop me from contributing and making
  the most of this incredible trip. One month went all too fast and it was already
  time for me to board my return flight. I made countless memories, made friends that
  will last a lifetime, and showed myself I can do anything I set my mind to. Thus,
  after the trip I knew I wanted to travel and use my passion for creative writing
  for something meaningful and fulfilling. I am now graduating from college with a
  degree in English to teach English as a Second Language. There is a certain rarity
  and beauty when two passions join together and I hope to share that with others.
