Title: Time travel into a museum
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/time-travel-into-a-museum
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Divya Kumari
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It is 2017 and I stand outside a beautiful villa museum in Freiberg, Germany.
  My friend and travel companion says " I hope you wont get bored in the archaeological
  museum." and I assure her that I wont. And we step into the ancient world. The museum
  is so unlike the museums we have in India. Each artifact is so well labeled and
  protected by a glass covering. I sense a deep respect for history and for a thoroughness
  in what they do. Soon I am immersed in reading about each artifact, where it was
  excavated and what was its use. and the history and people who lived before, their
  lifestyle starts coming alive for me. Then in the roman section, modern utility
  items are placed next to their roman counterparts. And I am fascinated by the everyday
  items. Seeing my excitement and wonder the museum personnel comes and start talking
  to us. He is a distinguished looking white haired man. He starts explaining to us
  how the wooden pipes use to carry hot and cold water in roman houses and the fact
  that they had taps. He even operates the model of tap for for us and opposite it
  is kept is a tap that we use now in our homes. And I am surprised by how similar
  they look. After that I am busy opening a roman lock and understanding its mechanism.
  Soon, he is taking us around the room, sharing stories about Romans who lived their
  centuries ago. The battles, they fought, the ruins of their villas, places in map,
  where their ruins have been discovered. Both my friend and I are asking questions
  which he is willingly answers. In the end there is a gleaming armor kept of a roman
  soldier. There is a helmet, and iron chain mail and huge shield with an insignia.
  He tells us it is kept for children who visit the museum. I request him, if I could
  try it on. He readily agrees and puts it on me. And as I put it on, The shield feels
  heavy on my petite frame. And As I walk, to look at myself in the mirror, I am transported
  into the world of the roman soldier. And for a brief moment I am a Roman Soldier.
