Title: Tinges and Sparkles
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tinges-and-sparkles
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Meghna Srivastava
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Hampi, the Land of Mysteries as it is called is a metaphor to how the incomplete
  could be more beautiful than the concluded. I wouldn''t call them the ruins, they
  shall be quoted as those which pop a question, a beautiful question in its own unanswerable
  way.

  There you find a Shloka engraved on the stone you walk, a temple sitting somewhere
  alone, another tucked in between three big boulders, and a water pond in a valley
  created. "Look at these columns!", a fellow traveller reacted as she wanted to sketch
  down the detail, one of the monkeys at the Temple snatched her pencil, not allowing
  the beauty to be penned down even.

  That morning we hurried to not miss the sunrise. We drove past the most grand arcade
  that awaited an Apatosaurus to pass through apparently.  Driving through it, we
  reach the set of steps to the cliff where the Temple stood. The endless flight of
  steps turned out to be the most mesmerizing moment of my life.

  The breeze was so cool, blowing into my face. I sat there for some time, invigorating
  myself for life ahead. We were here to see the sunrise, but I faced the opposite
  view, onto which the sun hit. The sun was hitting my back and the stones I sat on.
  The sight held entire Hampi in itself. It held everything in a filtered hue of apt
  sapphire, pine and tortilla shade. I could see the giant arcade too at a caterpillar''s
  dimensions from afar.

  The Tungabhadra river flowed too in the view. I now remember the first morning,
  the sun had just risen which made the water sparkle all over with its greyish tinge.
  The boat passed by a small temple''s ruin submerged in and wet with the water. There
  was a heap of stone boulders submerged in the water too, with a short column standing
  free on it. It was a sight from heaven to me, where there was water, the sky, the
  sun, the building, but no land.

  I remember that night vividly as well. A no-moon night and the twinkling stars-
  a similar sparkle of the morning river was in this night sky. And it was so dark
  beneath, I sat guessing what could be there. Was it a pond, a road far away, or
  the jungle? It was the rice paddy fields!'
