Title: To and Fro Azad Kashmir
DateModified: '2019-02-21'
DatePublished: '2019-02-21'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/to-and-fro-azad-kashmir
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Maryam Iftikhar
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: A student trip one of its kinds as it was my first trip to Azad and Jammu Kashmir
  of Pakistan in less than 24 hours. 96 miles covered twice in a day revealed one
  of the best combinations of chai and pakoras with thrashing sounds of River Neelum
  in the laps of alpine mountains. The journey began with several students from renowned
  universities of Islamabad accompanied by trip organizers in trustworthy wheels,
  arranged coaster buses. It seemed like there was no way the road trip was going
  to get interrupted but it did due to the merger of new travelers merely after ten
  minutes of drive, travelers from another university destined for a similar target,
  Peer Chanasi. The first half an hour wasted in juggling of people from seat to seat
  and bus to bus kind of killed the vibe for a smooth road trip but this was just
  a hiccup met by a great experience afterwards. After all of the passengers settled
  in their seats I luckily found the bus with good Punjabi music along with my few
  other chums. Passing through Murree and lavish-green hills the cool breeze from
  the eyes of the bus adorned with bashing Punjabi music was another spiced flavor
  of a modern trip shackled in cultural moods. During the entire journey music, laughter,
  jokes with certain awkwardness due to strangers' presence made the trip a whole
  different experience. The middle stop at Kohala Bridge provided with one of the
  best "dhaabas" of the upper hills. I personally prefer less eating or drinking stomach-messing
  eatables as the scenery on such trips demand our attention and appreciation, after
  all we go to such tours for experience not to waste time in the loo. Before beginning
  of further journey I luckily found the front most seat with the driver which gave
  a boost to my fun as I was viewing the natural beauty from the 576 mega- pixels
  fit in me in a 110-inch LED screen. The journey continued and finally the wait was
  over. It was blazing hot till we had reached the land of beauty Muzzafarabad where
  the view top of the city was breath-taking. It seemed like the entire city was painted
  in a unified theme code with mostly blue and red rooftops and of course, river Neelum
  flowing through the middle of the land as the artery to a human heart. After five
  hours of wait, Peer Chanasi had us in it. A small hill top with snow-capped mountain
  views, tiny markets mainly for tea and French fries or basic vegetables shivered
  in chills. I had to wear my big sweater to enjoy the mesmerizing beauty around.
  The main attraction of the spot was a small shrine of a holy man of his time after
  whose name the place was called Peer Chanasi. Peer literally means Sufi master and
  this place was attributed to Peer Syed Hussain Shah Bukhari. This recreational spot
  had good snack shops but extremely hopeless bathrooms. This is the major drawback
  in some areas of Pakistan's Northern Areas as many more services need quick updations
  to improve tourism. In addition to it, I was in awe to find the famous beef kebabs
  "Chapli Kebab" at towering heights of my country. Later on we enjoyed belated barbecue
  as it was cooked after the scheduled time due to gas shortage and screeching winds.
  In addition to "Tikka Boti" tasty "Seekh Kebabs" and rotis were also served which
  we ate like soldiers on a battlefield around bonfire. In the darkness of night,
  we all set out to experience scary roads down the hills. Road trip on the return
  was calm as everyone was exasperated and ready to hug their beds. It took another
  six hours for us to arrive back while my family members continuously kept me engaged
  and demanded my location updates. Typical and sweet of every family I always appreciate
  their gesture. It was one o'clock in the night when I was welcomed home with a friend
  who had decided to spend the night at my place. It was the only trip I had ever
  been onto beyond my limits.
