Title: 'To Portugal '
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/to-portugal
SetInCountry: Palestine
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: FATIMA ALRUB
AuthorCountry: Palestine
Text: 'I am sitting in my first plane but it is not any plane. It is my dream plane
  to Portugal. It may seem to you that I am just a normal tourist going to a certain
  area to enjoy and experience the travel ... but no I am not like any ordinary tourist.
  I am going to the city of my dreams. I want to make my deepest knowledge. Yes, it
  is my dream from a young age. I struggled for it. Despite my clothes, despite my
  stomach, which I eat, you can tell me that I am a poor homeless man, but you know
  what made me realize my dream that he was a man. I am allowed to watch TV and eat
  a piece of cake with the Hot tea in the cold winter, where I saw this charming area
  with the beauty of its streets and its features and its seaside cities at that time,
  and with a gentle voice emanating from a heart of hope, I said, "I want to visit."
  He laughed sarcastically and said with a voice of cruelty. Do not dream of a dream
  bigger than you "This phrase was enough to determine my fate and determination to
  achieve my dream I worked hard in all the partial functions so that I did not find
  time to sleep Saved my money to achieve this dream I was working with all my heart
  sincere and yes finally reached my dream I wanted to show off in front of this arrogant
  man who was pitying me with a piece of muffins and a mug of hot tea that wanted
  to make me just a body without a soul but he had moved and I could not find him

  The plane landed on the floor, almost my heart jumped from its place joyfully cried
  the seat belt and rushed down this feeling and I was riding the car heading to my
  new home consisting of a room and bathroom Yes that''s all I want to know very much
  to each area where I woke up the next day and quickly changed my clothes to ask
  my tour guide who will know me On the city of my dreams that he is an old man in
  the sixties his name is Jose What is the most beautiful to identify a beautiful
  soul after we rode the car and then we went to the first area called Lisbon, the
  capital of Portugal Yes that I saw on television as it is an old and modern city
  I walked in the alley and ate food I and Josie And then Jose took me to her beautiful
  winding hills. This was only what I managed to visit from the first day with Josiah
  the next day. I went home and I thanked Jose and thanked him. I said to him: "I
  wish I could finish with you. But that is what I can afford." Enjoy the day you
  do not have you in the same position do not despair and keep this beautiful spirit
  flying high and do not make a barrier standing in your way.

  I sat there for 4 days continuously woke up from my sleep and attended to my tea
  and a piece of cakes and if my phone rang my God that Jose what he wants from me
  Do you want more money, you replied to his call "Hello Jose I want to meet with
  you and talk to you on the subject Come on, prepare yourself changed my clothes
  I met him in his own car and told me to get up. Come on, we have a busy day. I went
  up with him and told me he would take me on a trip around Portugal at his expense.
  He did not want to take one euro from me and I marveled at his great heart and how
  a man did not meet me until one day. He refused but did not listen and ended up
  accepting his offer and took us We traveled from city to city and from one teacher
  to another so that there was no area left unturned. This was the end of my journey
  to find out all the regions of Portugal that were unable to describe the beauty,
  beauty and longevity of their inhabitants. Jose and I were sitting on our last day
  with each other as Jose began to talk about his past and told me "There was a little
  boy and a homeless homeless man who one day brought me to my house so that the air
  was cold." "Wait, does Khosse talk about me? Is he the same arrogant man who scoffed
  at me? I did not stop him from listening to the rest of the conversation." About
  his dream and that he wanted to travel to Portugal, I made stupid and reckless to
  reduce Like the dream of this little boy, he went out crying and hurried and then
  I did not see him next door. The ground was split and swallowed. I looked for him
  very much, but I did not find him until I moved to several cities until I found
  him, but there was no use. So I decided to travel to Portugal for my sin and hope
  to find this child who wanted to travel. To Portugal strongly where I met the glint
  of his eyes and he says I want to visit if that day back to encourage that child
  and with a tear penetrated his speech and stopped talking, I told him Jose .....
  I am that little child, who destroyed his dream silence and smiled a smile to him
  that he was throwing So he will remove the concern for him and said to him see me
  I have broken from you and Ba I did not stop eating the piece of muffins and the
  tea mug that you were preparing for me. When I told him this sentence, I looked
  at him with that look that fills me with the feeling I felt as I got off the plane
  and then hugged me and said, "Thank you for keeping your dream.'
