Title: 'To the land of fire '
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/to-the-land-of-fire
SetInCountry: Azerbaijan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Harshitha Shivaram
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I had been on a  five day trip to Azerbaijan in the month of June. This being
  my first international trip ever in my twenty five years truly had me at Merlot.
  This decision was my biggest leap to an unknown country as Google pictures do no
  justice and I had only thought it is seemingly a barren land. I was awestruck by
  the huge Roman and Italian themed buildings , large roads and the vivid collection
  of brands. Az is very famously called as land of fire as the fire originated from
  no where and there is a volcanic mountain where in the fire is never put off even
  if it pours down. I like the way everything is so technically glorious, lit up and
  developed by restoring even the past highlights. Coming to the places we covered
  , I was at Baku for three days and qabala for two days. Baku is all about "big city
  living" while qabala is more on the contrary ,covering the countryside landscape.
  As I'm from India , my experience at qabala was surreal , because of the adoration
  india had in their hearts. There were ladies who were big fan of Bollywood stars
  and Indian tradition. The most heart wrenching thing I heard is , a lady telling
  me , how much she's keen on visiting Mumbai to just see a famous icon's house, hence
  she's working hard to fulfill her wish along with her husband. Coming to the geography
  , land is rich with balck soil and is surrounded by lush greenery with varieties
  of trees adding to their source of income. Apart from this, their resourses are
  black goil , NCG and so on. I tried beer at a local pub which was only one dollar
  in AZ currency and I did prowl over few bars to chug on some wine. Beer is much
  cheaper than wine btw. At the city bar , I didn't find a single soul partying during
  the night as they would only come out on the weekends. I had two guides , the first
  guide tried to exploit us by taking us to a over rated restaurant where we ended
  up paying about 24,000 in INR for only lunch. While the other guide was really a
  good man who did not put us at any disadvantageous position. Az fought against Russia
  and got it's Independence, there are memorials of martyrs near the twin towers dating
  back to the independence. Turkey , Armenia , gorgia and so many other countries
  form it's bordering regions. While in the countryside, people don't know English
  and they speak in different rural dialects. For every five minutes , there is a
  restaurant situated amidst woods. Az tea and fruit jam which is sold openely on
  the streets. While I explored the rural villages like tahti and lahch, there is
  a different aura altogether. Old people walk around with trench coats on and play
  at the tea bar , they gamble most of the time. I remember a cowboy grazing sheeps
  in the village. We were forced to take an old vehicle as the roads are bad and under
  developed especially on the landslide areas. Coming to the expenses, it is forty
  times more than Indian currency , there is nothing unique to shop  except for the
  tea cases. There is humongous scope for the historical adulation with a mix of neo
  age and ancient times. There is relevance to the historical fervor of the struggle
  , especially the construction of the old fort which was used as defence. Coming
  to law and order , It is a presidential rule. People keep up with peace and order
  as they never dare to abide the norms , they jointly work towards it by helping
  each other. Coming to the cuisine , they do not use spice , it is not delactable
  for us Indian taste buds. Their language at the city central is different , they
  use a lot of Z and Turkish language,  not many know English except for the educated
  class. City is clean and tidy ,people drink water from taps fixed in parks which
  is used for gardening too. To this enthralling experience my heart only fills with
  gratitude and leaves behind my prejudiced notion of a barren land.
