Title: to the conquest of the Chinese Dream
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/to-the-conquest-of-the-chinese-dream
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Mohcin Bounadar
AuthorCountry: Morocco
Text: 'I am delighted to share with you  the story of my journey in China or the empire
  of the middle as some people like to call it.the events of my story took place in
  Lianyungang city, a small town in Jiangsu province, located in the northeast of
  China, as soon as you set foot on the beijing airport, you realize the technological
  mutation that the country of Confucius is undergoing, everything in the airport
  is automated, even robots can present themselves to provide support and assistance.
  It must be said that Chinese people are very hospitable and love foreigners and
  Western culture. After waiting 4 hours at Beijing airport, I took my second plane
  to lianyungang. As soon as I arrived I noticed that the climate is totally different
  from our Mediterranean climate, it was really cold at night with an unbearable heat
  during the day.The hotels in Lianyungang largely meet international standards in
  terms of hygiene and organization. There are hotels for all tastes and budgets,
  from youth hostels to luxury hotels. Chinese people are very active, as can be seen
  from the large number of people who ride e-bikes, bicycles, it should be noted that
  China is a leader in electric transport. Don''t be surprised if you find public
  stations for electricity . E-bikes are the most commonly used means of transport
  by Chinese people women to get around every day. The second thing that attracts
  your attention, is the square dancing, it is about  old women who gather in groups
  and dance to the rhythms of traditional Chinese music. You can even join them, they
  will be very happy to welcome you among them. The Chinese people are passionate
  about meditation sports such as Yoga or Tai chi, which explains their close relationship
  with spirituality.You can''t talk about travel without talking about cuisine, Chinese
  cuisine is among the most diversified in the world, with fruits and vegetables that
  only exist in China.  The Chinese are big consumers of see food and big fans of
  spicy food, they put paprika in all their meals. Rice and noodles remain the main
  companions of all Chinese dishes, you can eat them with vegetables or meat, at breakfast
  , lunch and dinner. There are several very popular Chinese meals in Chinese culture
  that every foreigner in China must try, such as dumplings, the famous potstickers
  filled with pork and some vegetables, in second place the famous HOTPOT, this famous
  pot with boiling water in which you put a variety of vegetables and meat. in third
  place, comes the famous Beijing Roast Duck, certainly the name refers to the city
  of beijing, but there are several restaurants in all the cities of China that serve
  this dish in their menus, there are even Roast Duck burgers.The Chinese people are
  a big consumer of liquor, there are for every taste and budget.Culturally speaking,
  liquor is an essential element in Chinese life, a necessary companion in meetings
  between family and friends, in restaurants, the famous KTVs and anywhere. Concerning  the
  places that  I visited in Lianyungang, first of all its famous mountains that surround
  it and offer you a panoramic view of the whole city, there are ancient Chinese houses,
  the monkey king''s temple: according to legend the monkey king lived in the mountains,
  there is even a cave that illustrates his daily life with a bed, a dining table,
  etc. I had the opportunity to see temples with their large Buddha statues. It is
  worth mentioning that the natural landscapes in China are breathtaking, even unimaginable,mountains
  with small rivers that cross them and small bridges, so I let you imagine the decor
  with the colors of autumn. Lianyungang is a city both modern and authentic, so if
  you are a fan of window shopping , you can find refuge in its malls like WANDA PLAZA,
  SUNING PLAZA, LIQUN SHIDAI, DA JONG FA. And if you are a fan of authenticity just
  like me, you can visit the old town with its famous old houses, the big park for
  your night walks, the beach side and for sure the popular traditional restaurants
  where you can find some nice people and delicious meals.'
