Title: 'Togian Island: The Hidden Paradise Of Sulawesi.'
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/togian-island-the-hidden-paradise-of-sulawesi
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rhafiq Ngiu
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: It was a hot October four years ago, I just got back home with my three Couchsurfing
  friends from France and England who stayed at my home at the time. Suddenly, I got
  a call from my pall named Flora. She asked me to join her and the other Indonesian
  friends to have a trip to Togian Island together. She said that we will be fully
  funded there, so I just need to bring some clothes there. Cool, exciting, I just
  can't remember what I felt and thought about it at the time. Since it was the first
  time for me to visit the place, so I was enthusiastic about it. I heard a lot about
  Togian Island from some friends of mine and foreigners that stayed at my home. Most
  of them told me about the great and unforgettable moments the had in that place.
  "Togian Island is the Bali of Sulawesi," said my who has ever been there before.
  Then, my European friends and I decided to go there. We met my pall Flora at New
  Melati Hotel Gorontalo, there we met three German students who also planned to visit
  Togian Island. We decided to stay in the same place there. It took for about twelve
  hours to get there by a big boat. Along the way, we played some games such as Werewolves
  and Alien. We arrived there at 5.00 a.m. I was overwhelmed by the beautiful nature,
  and impressed by the blue ocean. My Indonesian and German friends decided to stay
  at Lestari Kadidiri, while my French and English friends chose Malenge. The next
  day, we went to several places. Our first place was Jellyfish Lake. There, we could
  swim with millions of stingless jellyfish. We did not have no real reason to be
  afraid. In a captivating twist the entire fleet no longer have stingers strong enough
  to be felt by humans. They have all lost their sting since they don't have predators
  that will hunt them. They became trapped in Jellyfish Lake when it became separated
  by the volcanic eruption a thousand years ago. It was even possible for us to take
  some pictures next to them. The second place we visited was Taipi. We did snorkeling
  there. That place offered us the coral reefs. That was the moment we realized that
  mother earth was the preeminent designer. The following day, we went for trekking
  to Barracuda beach to catch coconut crab. It was 10.00 p.m. I was the only Indonesian
  man who joined the trip. My pall Flora and the other two Indonesian friends decided
  to stay at their bungalows. I was a bit nervous at the time, but then my German
  friends told me that we will protect each other for the trip. "You don't have to
  worry, you got us" said one of my German friends. We were getting helped by two
  local dogs just in case that we would not get lost. Along the way we heard the chirping
  of birds and sound of deer pigs like "oink oink oink". Unfortunately the luck was
  not on our side at that night. We did not meet the coconut crab, then we decided
  to go back to our Bungalows. The next day, it came to pack and check out before
  12.00 p.m. There was a rare moment when we were heading back to Gorontalo. We saw
  some dolphins swam following the boat that we took. I feel blessed to have the opportunity
  visiting that place.
