Title: Tom Kha for the Weary
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tom-kha-for-the-weary
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sara Fleischer
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'A trail of ruffled ducks waddles by a bamboo hut set atop spindly legs in Pai,
  Thailand. Water buffalo graze in a crisp, adjacent rice field and high up on the
  hill sits a golden Buddha, looking over his mountainous community.


  I''m at Yawning Fields, and idyllic collection of small cottages scattered around
  a colorfully shaded outdoor kitchen and dining area. Mink and her husband, Jake,
  are the proprietors. They''re a Thai-American couple in their late thirties-laid
  back, humorous, and exceptional cooking duo. I ended up here after a torturous two
  weeks of being slapped in the face by everything Southeast Asia has to offer.


  On the morning of day one I fell on a criminally uneven sidewalk and bloodied my
  knee and hip. The resulting bruises are interspersed with a spattering of aggravated
  mosquito bites that scream for attention at all hours of the day and night. I''ve
  managed to develop a painful rash on my neck (it''s shingles-treated by seven days
  of five-times-daily antivirals, a sticky, foul-smelling ointment that slides off
  in the humidity, and a great deal of patience).


  The ails to my body have been accompanied by the loss of my water bottle, which
  smashed open and drenched a packed third class train car traveling from Bangkok
  to Ayutthaya (and I became ''that person''-you know the one). Then the hip belt
  on my backpack was ripped off at a bus station in the middle of nowhere. I put on
  my sunglasses so I could cry with dignity while I reconsidered my will to live.


  I arrived at Yawning Fields in need of serious refuge from the powers of Murphy''s
  Law. I planned to stay a few days. Instead, I stayed a few weeks.



  In off hours, Mink lays on a bench outside the kitchen and watches Thai soap operas
  on her phone.


  "Mink," I say, hesitant to disturb her in the midst of a still afternoon. "Can you
  make me some food?" I''m too exhausted for the fifteen minute walk into town. Without
  Mink I would starve.


  She springs up. The phone goes down.


  "What do you want?" It''s a question, yes. But also a challenge and a joke. Her
  eyes hold a lively spark and she smiles mischievously. I am terribly indecisive-she
  knows this-and the menu is extensive.


  There are fresh mulberry smoothies from home-grown bushes and a list of other beverages
  chock-full of fruits and the promise of a respite from the sweltering heat. Pages
  of Thai classics accompany western favorites for the homesick traveler. Mink goes
  back to her phone while I flip through the sticky pages.


  "Tom Kha," I tell her finally. She flies into the kitchen and gets down to business.
  I fold myself onto a cushioned bench and push a few stray grains of table salt away
  from me.


  It''s ready faster than it seems possible for something so flavorful. A tangy coconut
  broth steams up into my face. Floating sections of lemongrass fight for space with
  chicken and peppers and mushrooms.


  The soup is creamy but light, perfectly spiced. It''s the freshest bowl of Tom Kha
  I''ve ever eaten and it settles comfortably into a stomach that has been abused
  by the flora and fauna of a continent foreign to it. I savor each spoonful until
  the mosquitoes start to swarm. Mink waves at me to leave the empty bowl on the counter-she''s
  settled back on her bench until the next person comes to be fed.



  I sit on my porch in the dark, listening to the insects come alive. The air is finally
  cool and the stickiness of the day has dissolved into a sweet night. My bug bites
  have been calmed by a eucalyptus salve and my bruises are fading. My belly is full
  of Mink''s cooking (the medicine my body craves while it heals), and in the morning
  I know there will be duck eggs collected from around the property and Jake''s fresh
  baked Focaccia for breakfast. I also know that, without the hospitality of Mink
  and Jake, Thailand would have been lost to me in a haze of illness and misadventure.'
