Title: tomy_flight
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tomy_flight
SetInCountry: Morocco
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: driss bakhou
AuthorCountry: Morocco
Text: 'It was a place where there was a little boy named Idris who lived with his
  pleasant family of five, mother, father, brother, brother, Samer, and their dog
  Tomi. After the hard days of study, the family decided to travel to Portugal. Father
  said, "I am doing some work for you. Samer and Tommy will join you soon after a
  week. The next day, the family went to the airport to bid farewell to Idris and
  his mother. Idris stood in the airport lobby looking at the paintings and large
  maps while the mother went to the information officer to guide them to the entry
  gate. After the employee applauded her, she told her: Gate 5 Control d. The car
  was automatically moved into the plane. The flight attendant received the ticket
  and the number of seats. The loudspeakers announced the date of departure for Portugal.

  Idris and her mother went to where the plane was parked and the airport was clean
  and orderly. Idris did not notice that his dog Tomi had landed on the plane disguised
  in the bags. Idris and the mother boarded the plane. The passengers sat down and
  tied the belts and closed the door of the plane and then began to fly and gradually
  the plane rose in the sky amid the clouds, provided flight passengers cold drinks
  and chose Idris mango juice and the plane was equipped with all the amenities, and
  for more luxury brought hostess for the children there are some interesting games
  and stories and know the boys on Some of them knew Idris to Lamia and became friends
  and spent

  Everyone has fun on the plane. After about 3 hours, the audio speakers alerted the
  lunch time. Idris chose a fish meal with cedar and had a cold drink and some candy
  with it, and everyone enjoyed the food and the time passed quickly inside the plane.

  Meanwhile, Tomi was inside the luggage warehouse, which he entered under his intense
  love for his friend Idris, because he does not want to get away from him until the
  time passes quickly and he plays and despises luggage and luggage.

  After about 3 hours, the boundaries of Portugal appeared and the flight attendants
  alerted travelers to the need to tie the belts because the plane was about to land
  and streets were lined with its beautiful buildings and gardens

  The plane landed at the airport and Maryam and her mother came down from the plane
  and the hostess greeted her with safe arrival and wished her a happy stay. As soon
  as the plane opened the luggage storage room, Tomi hurried out to Idris, was surprised
  to see him and took him in delight because he would spend the holiday with them'
