Title: Too much nature
DateModified: '2019-02-21'
DatePublished: '2019-02-21'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/too-much-nature
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Milos  Milosavljevic
AuthorCountry: Serbia
Text: 'After discovering various waterfalls with my newly made friend from Tarapoto
  the Indiana Jones instinct in me got out of the control. While browsing what else
  was there to challenge my newly born adventure spirit I saw a simple advertisement:
  fishing piranhas, drinking water from lianas, recognising traditional medicine plants
  and night fishing crocodiles in Amazon forest reserve named Pacaya Samiria. Why
  not? (and shortly after why yes)

  It was by Peruvian understanding close - 3h drive in a truck followed by the 5h
  ride with boat and at the end 1 more hour with local transport. A full day ride
  and vehicle changing got me precisely in middle of nowhere and turned me on map
  from a dot on a street to a dot in a green sea of Amazon forest. As soon as I exited
  the boat an grumpy old lady approached me and asked me if I am Milos in that manner
  that I would say yes even if my name was Johnny Dep. She took me by the hand and
  taken me to the agency to explain to me what will I be doing there. On Spanish.
  That I did not know at all at that point. When I asked for English version she started
  pointing finger on a map, still on Spanish. The adventure starts.

  I packed my things in the morning and took a big breakfast as I was getting prepared
  to jump into the great unknown. We drove 1 hour and registered in office where I
  met the guide that again had no clue of English and a canoe where I was to spend
  next 4 days. Rowing.

  And rowing and again rowing untill all the sudden guide stood on his legs and took
  a spear that he randomly pushed in a water and took out the fish. Nice. I continued
  rowing while he was doing something that I don''t know what, but I knew that wasn''t
  rowing and was a bit confused why do I have to do all the hard work. I asked him
  on spanish (in that point I had to speak it) if everything is ok. He said yes and
  gave me the fishing stick with a fish meat at the point and told me to fish. Ok,
  I can do that. After just several minutes the fish bites and i took it put. It was
  an piranha. That was a nice twist. One blow on a jad and it was ready for cooking
  and after 2 hours I found out that it is actually a great fish to eat. Give me more
  I said. He said tonight.

  But it were not the piranhas, it were crocodiles. In middle of the night while I
  was listening stories about old myths he called me to the canoe and I entered into
  one of my biggest mistakes of my life. Crocodile hunting. We rowed to first bush
  where guide just jamp in a water for some reason and tossed me the small crocodile.
  What a lovely scary creature that had a great empathy as I was scared as well. I
  cuddled ot a bit and let it back in a water. We repeated this sequence several times
  until it was time to go for a rest.

  I lied to a small bed, that was just there to confort me but not to be comfortable.
  Gosh, the first day was over and the adventure was just starting. I had nothing
  else to do but to wait for the next morning even if i just wanted to go through
  it as you just want to get on to reading the next article but if I have learned
  something it was that everything takes time. But see you soon again on day to.

  Sweet dreams

  Milos'
