Title: Tour of Imagination
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tour-of-imagination
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Sumitava Sinha
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I was 19 years old and i went Delhi the capital of India alone. Experience of
  first day like where am i! All the things around me are so awesome. I wanted to
  explore every where like every corner of the city and that's why i took a room for
  rent. When i landed to the airport i went to my rented room and got refreshed by
  myself. I didn't wait for a minute after that, i took my bag pack and put my mobile
  phone on my pocket and grab my wallet and started walking to the streets of Delhi.
  First i describe the people who is the resident of there after that their culture,
  way of talking.. Then i searched about the tourism destinations of Delhi on Google
  and got lots of results started from Rajiv Chawk/ Cannought place traveled there
  by the metrol rail and when i came out from the tunnel and saw the giant flag of
  India, oh! What an amazing feeling of that... Then explored the Cannought Place
  and although i am a great foody i have tried few special street foods over there
  like Charcoal Ice-cream, Fire Pan and few more. I went to visit Lal Kila (The Red
  Fort). What a creation! I was amazed enjoyed the great view from there sun came
  down and moon rose up. I felt a little hungry i had a few information like i can
  have a great street food market near by and the market is "Paratha wala Gali" i
  tried a few different kind of "Paratha's" over there and those were heavenly and
  i couldn't ever thought about them. I came back home and started planning for next
  day. Good morning it is the day 2 i am thinking about to explore "Noida" and then
  "Wagah Border". I prepared myself and went to the metro rail station near by "Dwarka
  More" and started journey of Day 2. Went to "Akshara Dham Temple", had a great spiritual
  experience over there. What a wonderful construction of the temple. Then i had a
  information that i can get great "Kabab" near by and went there for lunch. I enjoyed
  the "Kabab". Grab my bag pack and started my journey again and this time my destination
  was India, Pakistan border "Wagah Border". I went there by cab. Indian army used
  to organize a show every day over there. I enjoyed the show. First time i saw the
  land of other country in front of me just like 10 yards distance from me. It was
  really awesome. I wish i could be somewhere in foreign this is my dream. Well, i
  imagined this kind of tour when i was at my own home at West Bengal, Kolkata. I
  was so excited when i put my feet on Delhi's land, first time to the other state.
  Well, i was thinking about to visit Agra for a tour of "Taj Mahal" on the Day 3.
  I came back home and put my alarm on 3 am because i had train on 6 am. Good morning,
  this is Day 3 i prepared myself with some clothes and water and went to the railway
  station to catch the train for Agra. Drop my feet to another city "Agra - the city
  of Taj". I didn't have any booking for hotel to stay so i decided to explore Taj
  Mahal early. The time was 4pm local people said "Taj Mahal" authority will not giving
  me the permission to enter to the premises, because they have a restricted time
  and all. I was little dissapointed and went to a hotel nearby and explored the local
  market and the people and their culture then i was amazed to saw their culture,
  market and foods specially "Sufi song"(A traditional music of Muslims). What a tune
  of that song!I explored the special street food corners of Agra and ate different
  types of Kababs and Biriyani(The mughalai dish).This place is such a historical
  place. Since Maha Rana Pratap Singh to Shah Jahaan to British all the emperor's
  were there at least they must had some great time over there. Delhi and Uttar Pradesh
  is a historical place of india.
