Title: Towards the middle of the vastness of the Sahara desert
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/towards-the-middle-of-the-vastness-of-the-sahara-desert
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Maria Veronica Barzola
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'I had boarded a small plane with the only certainty that I was traveling somewhere
  in the middle of the Sahara desert. I had no more data, no local contacts, I did
  not know where I would sleep or what I would find when I arrived.

  A backpack, a sleeping bag , a notebook and a camera were all my luggage.

  The plane landed one December night in the middle of the sand and the cold of the
  desert. Still today I wonder how the pilot knew where the track was in the middle
  of that sea of dunes. I made migrations in a makeshift tin booth, lit with dim light
  that reminded more of a border clinic than an airport.

  Outside the airport, if that could be called an airport, my driver was waiting for
  me-or who I knew was my driver when he greeted me with a nod. He told me something
  in Arabic, which of course I did not understand, and with a gesture he told me to
  get on the jeep.

  His face, the olive color of his skin, his dark turban that only left his eyes in
  sight, and his lit cigarette were the only landscape I could distinguish. Beyond
  the vehicle, nothing could be seen, everything was closed night. No lighting, no
  houses, no service stations.

  Suddenly the driver went off the road. The rattle told me that we no longer marched
  on the asphalt. For more than an hour we were circulating for what I believe were
  dunes. We did not understand each other, there was no common language that allowed
  me to know where he was taking me, and how much time was needed to reach the destination.
  The stars shone with an unprecedented strength that I had never seen and I felt
  that it could fall from the sky at any time.

  The music that came from an old radio, with cassette, accompanied us throughout
  the trip.

  Suddenly and without warning he stopped. The driver told me to get off the vehicle.
  I stood, hesitant and restless, next to the jeep. He lowered my backpack and put
  it next to my feet. Then he pointed with his finger to the south. I turned to look
  for what it was that indicated me and just at that moment I could see that there
  was a small light on. The lamp flickered in time with the wind. When I came back
  to look at my driver he had already climbed into the vehicle and was starting to
  move away quickly.

  The silence was so thick and impenetrable that I could hear the beating of my heart
  as if there were dozens of drums playing in the middle of the night. I confess:
  I felt fear. But I could not do anything, except to go where the driver had indicated
  me. I loaded my backpack on my shoulder, took a deep breath and started walking
  in that direction.

  When I approached, I noticed that the light was illuminating the entrance of a tent,
  and there was a young woman with her face covered inviting me to pass. She had a
  submissive and friendly look at the same time, which reassured me.

  Inside the tent there was perfume of burned wood, camel and goats, and dirty carpets.
  I stretched my sleeping bag in a corner. Perhaps by some magical Tuareg spell I
  no longer cared if I had a cell phone signal, if I was lost in the middle of nowhere,
  or how I would return home; and I fell into a deep sleep.

  The next morning, I woke up when the sun came through the door, and a strong and
  sweet tea aroma invaded everything. I got up and walked outside. Then I discovered
  that what had once seemed to me a haima in the midst of the uninhabited vastness
  of the Sahara desert was actually a huge refugee camp.

  The days that followed that, they were moving and raw, and they changed my life.
  I returned home being another person. That woman who had boarded a plane with an
  unknown destination never returned ... because, from some trips, one never comes
  back.'
