Title: Town Under The Hills
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/town-under-the-hills
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Rohini Chakraborty
AuthorCountry: India
Text: While it was a glorious morning after my 10th board exam's result , my mother
  told me , we're gonna go to Assam for a small trip . Hmm...  Assam...  . Didn't
  really excite me . After one week , we got our train tickets as my mother told me
  that I'm gonna experience some beautiful sceneries while we're are in the train
  . The next day , I was ready with my backpack which I sorted by myself , which gave
  me the " traveller" feeling ! It was as Monday morning , and by 10:30 am we were
  on our train , and I became possessive about my window seat . Window Seat- It's
  like a  transparent curtain through which you can see the beauty of the moving world
  while you're still with music playing in your ears . By 12 midnight we were passing
  by the bridge of the Bhramaputra river . What can I say about that beauty ? It was
  like a poet writing his poem .. It was midnight , the whole train was sleeping ,
  the only sound I  could hear was the train wheels wracking on the bridge while it
  moves , the only thing I could see was the beautiful moon shining on River Bhramaputra
  while the river glitters back to the black background . I clicked pictures of the
  beautiful scene with my Nikon Coolpix . By the next morning we had reach Gwuhati
  were my mother's cousin sister lives . We went to her house took rest and left her
  house by 8pm to take a bus and go to my mother's maternal uncle's house in a small
  town in Assam called Karimganj . Well , by that time I was feeling a little nauseous
  because I wasn't always good with an overnight busride . Our bus left by 8:15 pm
  . Our bus reached those dark moutain sides after leaving the hustle and bustle of
  the citylights . It was dark and cold . It was like I was paying a visit to hell
  . That made me more nauseous and as expected I puked out of the bus window . The
  bus kept riding the inclined , crooked mountain roads the whole night . I needed
  some air so I sat at window side while my mother took care of me . I didn't sleep
  the whole night . It was 7:30 am the next morning when I suddenly opened my eyes
  from my broken sleep and saw the most beautiful Tea Gardens , were local Assamese
  women were picking up tea leaves . That was the most beautiful scene I've ever scene
  , it was like I was watching television . By 10:30 am we reached our destination
  , Karimganj , a small town lying under the hills . As we stayed in my mother's maternal
  uncle's house we didn't have the hotel experience there , though we had the warm
  welcoming of our own family members . We were there for 7 days .They had a small
  pond were my uncle taught me how to catch fishes and cook them , though I don't
  eat fish being a bengali.  The famous fish they ate was ' Shutki' which was a dry
  fish cooked with lots of chillies , pumpkin and Indian spices . It was a great experience
  being in Assam and it was hard saying goodbye to our people after staying there
  for 7 days . But no peace can match of being back to your home Kolkata .
