Title: Transition crisis of Budapest-Berlin-Brussels
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/transition-crisis-of-budapest-berlin-brussels
SetInCountry: Hungary
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ananthakrishnan Baburajendran Pillai
AuthorCountry: Belgium
Text: 'I travelled to Berlin from Budapest to meet a producer after my graduation
  screening, My flight was at 9 am. I left home at 6.30 am.

  I really like Budapest metro, unfortunately this time, there was a danger awaited
  for me. I took the receipt of the ticket from the ticket vending machine,

  I didn''t realize, I forgot to pick the ticket. There were middle-aged women ticket
  examiners were waiting for me, they fined around 16000 huf around 50 euros. I am
  a documentary filmmaking student, course name resembles all the spirit, "Doc Nomad",
  its joint master degree program by three different film schools, so we travel Lisbon
  to Budapest then Brussels, so here travelling is a part of your life, I did several
  trips across Hungary-Portugal-Belgium. Most of the time I kept my eye opened to
  find interesting characters and stories. I have seen my face several times under
  severe crisis. During these journies I always struggled to deal with the visual
  memories, I am a cinematographer, I grasp a city by pointing the landmarks, patterns,  shades,
  windows, colours and the smell. I am an owner great visual memories, But, I won''t
  be able to remember my room keys as fast I do with my visual diaries.  Most of the
  journies are a logistical struggle, let me go back to Budapest Aiport again, I met
  my classmate Mirna Everhard, travelling to Poland, she is excited about meeting
  her boyfriend Peter. Mirna and I had a very tough time during our film school exercises,
  we had our creative honeymoon then a catastrophe, we grabbed coffee in somewhere
  in the airport, she suggested the idea of having breakfast with her, we started
  introspecting our past little bit, then we did psychological therapy each other,  suddenly
  Mira realized she is almost missed her flight, she ran like a crazy horse to the
  gate without saying bye, I looked at the sky for five minutes. Because during the
  check-in -Ryan air fined me 16000 Huf (50 euros) for having a big bag, I could have
  solved the issue if I buy priority, But my debit card was not working in a way,
  In India, whenever you book or buy something online, you will get a one-time password
  to your phone,  My Indian network didn''t work there, technically speaking, Indian
  telecom company hasn''t signed yet with Hungarian government . I couldn''t buy a
  priority ticket, I still told myself "Krishna worst yet to come, keep moving forward",
  my instinct was right, my flight from Berlin to Brussels got cancelled due to the
  worker''s strike. "lets spare this moment for working class, I reached Berlin, I
  had a meeting with an Irish photographer and production designer, both of them warmly
  welcomed me. I had to take a decision, either cancel the ticket and request for
  refund or take another flight to Brussels the next day. I had another appointment
  with Brussels municipality to fix my residency card, I am aware of the reality,
  if I am five minutes late for the appointment, I may not be able to scan my QR code
  at the office, they are ahead of time. I feel my life is stuck over there, I went
  to Flix bus office, I found a way to reach Brussels before 12 am, I booked my bus
  ticket through flix bus office in Berlin, I had to wait until 11.30 am. It was a
  pleasant sleep, I reached Amsterdam, connection bus will arrive at 9 am, I spent
  my chilling time in Stack bucks. time 9.30am bust didn''t arrive yet, people are
  angry at Flix bus officials, climax scene I guess, I met some people from south
  India, I talked directly someone in my native language after two years, I came here
  to learn filmmaking, I didn''t goback , I always stuck with  small filming works.
  Flix bus official scanned our tickets, my turns up, she couldn''t find my name,
  but the QR code was perfect,  I found staff made mistake, she put my address on
  my first name, they didn''t let me in. I didn''t fight, I was calm and cool, I found
  external threats never affects me at all..I had another coffee.'
