Title: Trapped in the Valley
DateModified: '2019-02-13'
DatePublished: '2019-02-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/trapped-in-the-valley
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Taylor  Jones
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'After 5 hours of driving Julie and I nearly skidded into the parking spot and
  jumped out of the car. We finally arrived. Waipio valley is on the northern part
  of the big island in Hawaii. It is a sacred place, with jagged cliffs, mountains,
  beaches, and dangerous weather. We made a start for the road into the valley and
  luckily grabbed a ride down the second steepest road in the world from a local.
  We got down into the valley and thanked the gentlemen for the ride. The walk along
  the beach was like nothing else; huge waves crashing into the shore, wild horses
  roaming looking for food from tourists, and sea cliffs that make you question your
  own existence. It really felt like a fairy tale. We crossed a small river that cut
  through the valley from our left and fed into the ocean. It was quite small only
  maybe 10 feet and about waist deep. We simply held our bags over our head and lowered
  our center of gravity to make sure we were not swept away. We made it across; Mesmerized
  by what we were seeing we headed up the first cliff towards the trail. After only
  a few miles we turned back realizing Waimanu campsite was much further than expected
  and the bugs were getting pretty bad. We made it back to the Beach just in time
  for sunset. Julie ran off to the water without warning, I followed. The water was
  warm but the current strong. After getting dry we started the fire and settled into
  the evening for some dinner and beers. We had no idea what we were in for the next
  morning.


  It was around 5 am when I noticed the winds started to pick up. Not too long after
  the bullets of rain started to pelt the tent we were sharing. I was very lucky the
  eureka tent I had with me cam with a very effective rain cover. Minutes later I
  noticed the stakes of the tent started popping up one at a time. "Julie...JULIE,
  wake up, we need to get out of here." After taking a few moments to awaken and realize
  what was going on she agreed and we hurried along the packing process. By the time
  we stepped out of the tent the rain was heavy and obnoxious. It almost felt like
  the island was asking us to go. The violence of the weather felt like our escort
  out of the valley, we were not going to ignore it.


  We made it to the end of the beach, only to realize that we now had to cross the
  same river we navigated through on our way in. Only one thing was different, it
  was twice the size and flowing 3x harder. I looked at Julie with wide eyes. I could
  tell she was at a loss for words. After trying to take a mans kayak and getting
  yelled at, we were directed to head into the valley and look for a man named jimmy.
  It sounded sketchy but it was the only advice we had. "Jimbo, Jimmy? You there?"
  After finally stumbling upon a closed gate we paused to take a breath. The sign
  read "Give a hoot and I might not shoot." Julie insisted that I did not enter. After
  asking if she had a better idea, I entered and started hooting... No answer. "Jimmy?"
  2 minutes later a man walked out of the back porch and asked how he could help.
  He was old and moved like he was operating in a different time zone than us. He
  was on island time. You could tell he has been in the valley for quite some time,
  you just knew. He offered to send us across the river for a small tip. We sunk our
  bags down with relief. We were gonna make it out alive. He went to retrieve the
  volunteer and Julie and I looked at each other laughing. It felt like we were in
  a movie. An Erie moment of suspense and pressure with no other option than to look
  for a guy named Jimmy.'
