Title: Travel to Pakistan 2019
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travel-to-pakistan-2019
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Muhammad Mujtaba  Awan
AuthorCountry: Saudi Arabia
Text: 'I did a trip to Pakistan in February 2019. Though, Pakistan is my home but
  this was a very touristy trip as I had gone back after a long a time.I visited three
  different cities; Islamabad, Karachi and Lahore. But I spent most of my time in
  the world''s second most beautiful capital Islamabad. Islamabad has become a really
  happening city with tons of things to offer for sightseeing, food and shopping.
  I had the pleasure of trying some really great eateries and different cuisines including
  Chinese, Thai, Arabic and Italian! The best thing about Pakistan is that most restaurants
  offer continental dishes and not just local food.dine is restaurant chaaye khana
  Which means (a place for tea) is in F6 Markaz Islamabad. It is a beautifully done
  place, crowded most of the time and you always need to wait before you get a place.
  I went there for brunch and we ordered different types of parathas, omelettes, tea
  and their famous French Toasts. The parathas were crispy, light and thankfully no
  oil was dripping from them. Potato stuffed paratha (Aloo Ka Paratha) was the winner.
  French Toasts also lived up to the expectations! I loved the ambience and decoration.
  It is cozy place to hang out. the monal restaurant..... Monal is 9km from Islamabad
  in an area called Pir Sohawa. The winding road takes you up to this small rest stop
  with quite a few choices of eateries. The road to Monal has breathtaking views of
  lush green mountains and the Islamabad city. It is so beautiful that you would want
  to stop after every kilometer to take photographs. From all the restaurants there,
  we decided to go to The Monal Restaurant. The place was packed with people even
  on a weekday but the view and the food was worth coming for. The menu has continental,
  fast food, oriental and of course Pakistani local food. Going to Monal is a memorable
  experience in itself. If you have time, you should plan your trip in such a way
  that you see the scenic beauty both in day and night as the views are not to be
  missed.  Des parades saidpur village... Saidpur village is a remodeled village especially
  made to showcase the heritage of Pakistani rural life. The village itself is a must
  visit for anyone who wants to peek into Pakistani culture. Surrounded by Maragalla
  hills, Saidpur offers splendid views from the top, a preserved Hindu temple, Gurdwara,
  Sufi tomb for sightseeing. Plus you will find plenty of restaurants to choose from.
  Truck art backdrops, fairy lights, hawkers selling balloons and toys for kids make
  this place festive and vibrant. Live, soothing folk music adds the final touch.
  We had dinner at Des Pardes which offers continental and Pakistani food. From a
  steak to halwa poori; anything can be ordered through out the day. The whole experience
  coupled with amazing food is memorable. There are a lot of points for dinning like
  Cafe 1969...coffee Republic.... Pappassalis pizza. Sufi... You can also play board
  games there and spend some good time with friends and family...

  So don''t miss and try to visit as limitation of words I can''t write full story
  but a lot of natural scenes and you love Pakistan..'
