Title: Travelling with purpose
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travelling-with-purpose
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: heena bhatt
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Travelling is not just to travel , it is to find out something which is missing.
  And about my travel stories, I am not great traveller, but I do travel in search
  of something even i don''t know.I have never travelled abroad, but many parts of
  My India. I Started my solo journey from Darjeeling, West Bengal, and sikkim, and
  then it was , I cannot leave without, travelling become happiness for me. As I was
  working , I was able to get one long holiday a year, so I covered Manali, India
  and Go a and Spiti valley solo, now my fear to going alone has been vanished completely
  or I was loving to move one first further from this fear. And then I left my job,
  Some calling from inside has , forced my innerself to leave job and search something
  missing. Then I travelled to Kerala, and I stayed there for 2 months, I learned
  basics of Martial arts there, and it was amazing to stay in different state, with
  people of different language and best thing was I learned how to communicate with
  language. And then I travelled to Meghalaya , India. Great Experience ,loved the
  culture, people and mostly beautiful and deadly combination of Nature and simplicity
  of people. I Went for some trekking expedition also, and did bumgee jumping, by
  facing my biggest fear of height. while travelling I was learning so much , I didn''t
  notice, me a girl who was people shy, is now talking with people frankly, I learned
  communication once I was out of my work done. I travelled many parts of India and
  still many are left. I have not mention all of them. I am may be not a person ,
  you are searching for, not a cool traveller, not a person with good writing, but
  I know one thing, travelling is like soul feeding to me, and I can write down my
  heart into it. Everyone need a beginning to reach somewhere, I just need one step
  and will definitely converts my all fear into strength and will write down great.


  Thanks and Regards

  Heena bhatt'
