Title: Travel to the inside
DateModified: '2019-02-17'
DatePublished: '2019-02-17'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travel-to-the-inside
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Marina Utsunomiya
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: So, the essence of travelling is getting out of our comfort zone and open ourselves
  to the world right? (I heard a "yes") lovely!! And that is what moves any human
  being. Discovery our abilities and finding a deeply connection with any one around
  this huge globe spark sensations that no other experience might give us! Said that,
  i will share a personal story of mine about me and everything traveling has given
  to me. I've always been a very shy person who would hate to talk to strangers or
  take any risks that I didn't know the consequences, so i guess you could imagine
  i had a pretty normal/boring childhood. But the answer to that is no!! Because I
  always had my imagination and friends around me to support everything. But still,
  i was inside my own world (safe and sound). As time goes by, I've grown and became
  a pretty independent woman, but my curiosity and imaginations remains the same.
  And with consciousness of my own capacities, I am now able to defy myself to circumstances
  never imagined before. Like trust my gut, speak my thoughts out and do be afraid
  to live the live i believe. So, you might be asking, how could such a quiet little
  girl become a woman like this....and the answer is travel. Travel has been a trigger
  to so many thoughts, feelings and emotions have it changed me to a hole new person.
  There are unique experiences that you would never have to deal in your daily basis
  life, because it's outside the bubble all of us live. However, once we get te courage
  to pop that bubble, I became someone else, our values and principles expand and
  we are more sensible to feel the others feeling. And once we conquer this stage,
  we get to the point when we want more! The world is enormous and with so many possibilities
  that we feel like "useless" sometimes, and that is ok actually. The point is what
  you do to deal with this feeling, so present yourself to the world, with no prejudice,
  filters ou judgement. And you well discover how incredible you are and what a beautiful
  place the world is!
