Title: Travel Babble
DateModified: '2019-02-02'
DatePublished: '2019-02-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travel-babble
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Amy Kelly
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'Confession time. Before mamahood, I would scan a crowd of fellow boarding passengers
  to get a sense of the type of flight I had in store. Specifically how many screaming
  brats might be on the plane. Pinpointing these individuals I would cross my fingers
  until they found their seats a good distance away. I glared defiantly at any snot
  nosed tot that would dare interrupt my heaven of complimentary semi-defrosted sandwich
  and second rate flick with a scream or a whimper.

  Cut to last week---with husband, friends and tots in tow we boarded our Hawaiian
  flight for Maui. Suddenly I had crossed enemy line and felt each penetrative glare
  from each non-kiddied-up, well groomed (ie. missing the requisite poop or mystery
  stains of motherhood on their belongings) and well rested person on our flight.
  We sat and settled ourselves while sheepishly apologizing with knowing glances acknowledging
  the mayhem that might be. Instantly I regretted my dismissal of the box of complimentary
  earplugs I planned to treat my fellow passengers to for the flight. Fingers crossed
  and eyes wincing we took off......Surprise, surprise. The kids were awesome!! This
  truly became the unofficial theme for our trip: travel isn''t the same as it was
  in the before time, in the long long ago before kids, but my expectations of my
  kid were far exceeded.

  Our 13 month old swam in the ocean, happily endured the road to Hana, enjoyed many
  mouthfuls of white sandy beach,sat in the Banyan tree in Lahaina and ended up with
  a case of the croupe and his first fever on the way back--he couldn''t have been
  happier. His parents meanwhile, were learning the difference between now and then.
  "Then" we paddled to wherever we wanted to be and jumped out to explore the open
  waters, snorkelled with dolphins and mantas, get up close with humpbacks. "Now"
  a mental safety tether keeps me in the kayak in openwater and I enjoy the creatures
  from the boat. "Then" party to wee hours of the night and pass out in friend''s
  "coconut suite" (matress in the garage). "Now" rent actual condos with friends and
  stay up to 11pm, feel old, go to bed vowing to get to sleep earlier tomorrow. "Then"
  spend month camping in Hawaii and exploring. "Now" whole family gets snotty head
  cold and goes home after a week. Adventures are different colors these days. The
  hues are so much richer for the presence of my son.

  It was beautiful. Maui with kids: snorkel. Visit Haleakala National park: camp,
  hike, see the sunrise from the crater.Breasfeed while on said hike--no really. Go
  to Paia; eat at Flatbread (amazing Pizza), Cafes Des Amies (amazing Crepes), Freshmint
  (amazing veggie fodder). Shop at Mana Foods. Rent a kayak. Get Lilikoi gilato. Eat
  a lilikoi. Drive to Hana. Get jungle chicken fried rice and coconut shrimp outside
  of Hana. Travel the dirt road back from Hana (watch out for moos).

  As my grandfather used to say when he was in awe of life: "ahh the vastness of it
  all". When I was little I thought he meant that the mountains were big.'
