Title: Travelling to a Home
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travelling-to-a-home
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Vania Khan
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'I remember the two extremely vivd experiences in my life that I experienced
  true incomprehensible heartache. The first was when my dad would leave from Toronto
  to return to work in Karachi, left even more vulnerable after my parent''s recent
  seperation. The second was distinctively when my family was leaving Karachi after
  settling roots in 3 years. As Pakistanis, family is centric to every aspect of our
  existence thus each memory reminds me of the part my dad took and what we left behind.


  To soften the shift back to Canada in 2012, my family embarked on a Europe trip
  in the back of a rented Fiat mini for, what seemed to me back then, an excruciatingly
  long 4 weeks. My tears wouldn''t stop so now I''ve been doomed to have meltdowns
  in public- in the cities I couldn''t care less about? We land in Rome, eat a beyond
  mediocre slice of pizza and retreat to the hotel to leave for Florence in the morning.
  As the dreariness continues to mount, we drive into Florence. I ignore the oozing
  charm of the narrow streets of Florence and continue the trek to the Duomo with
  my dad. Standing outside, I take in all it''s glory and for a brief second - I forget
  the home I have just left. Near by, there is a pavilion with old  statues stated
  from the renaissance so I sit there and read for hours and weep. This old Italian
  couple come and each sits next to me and I hide my tears. Not one word do they utter
  and I am left slightly bewildered and expecting some kind of pep-talk. The old women
  turns to me, pats my hand and after sitting for 25 minutes talking to her husband
  in Italian, gives me a kiss on my cheek and they leave. Under the shade of the looming
  arches surrounded by naked beautifully carven statues, I find solace in the realization
  that homes actually lie within people. That man was that women''s world and so was
  the life she must''ve built here in the beautiful city of Florence so as I walked
  back to our hotel, I noticed the sun-kissed streets, small gelato vendors, quant
  espresso bars but more importantly, the little homes that so many milestones exist
  within. I fell in love with Florence, not as instantly as most people do but eternally
  so.


  I travel to experience the lives people in those cities have constructed over the
  years and strangely, feel as though I''ve lived a proportion of it with them when
  I listen to their stories. Their children, the homes the grew up in, their hardships
  and everything else in between is where my home will always lie.'
