Title: Travel Through A Gypsysoul&#39;s Eye
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travel-through-a-gypsysoul-s-eye
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Kushal Mehta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Traveling solo to different cities and countries not only helped me as my stressbuster
  companion but also helped me learn new possibilities. New activities to be followed
  moreover when you go alone to some different location. You have to deal with all
  sorts of possibilities. Be it budget planning of your entire tour, be it handling
  your entire tour itinerary programme, your daily food consumption, what kind of
  people you are going to greet everyday and most important of all how you are going
  to manage yourself with a certain budget or money. These all perameters are counted
  once you decide to travel solo. I traveled  few cities from my country India. Covered
  few states. Every state every city every location is different is what i experienced
  when i traveled myself to all those locations. I belong to Mumbai city which comes
  in Maharasthra and is the economic capital of India. I have done my graduation and
  post graduation in mumbai itself. I have done Travel & Tourism 2 years certificate
  course from Narsee Monjee College Of Commerce And Economics. So i was always keen
  to count myself as a traveler or a travel writer or to share my experience after
  traveling places and not just posting up things on the basis of what others say
  or what google shows us. In those 2 years of travel course which i mentioned as
  my career studies i covered many things not only in the books but also practically.
  We were asked to submit reports and we were asked to write blogs after the place
  of visit from the college. After each Travel visit we were asked to write down about
  the things we explored about that place. We were asked to prepare the whole itinerary,
  we were asked to write down the fastest means to transport or the easiest mode to
  reach the place. Our accomodation. What all consequences we faced in our unknown
  visit. What all kinds if cuisines did we tried. What culture that place had or what
  tradition do they follow. Which were the locations covered be it historical monuments
  of that place or some food joints which we covered, how were the people responding
  to us as in localites of that place. What all observations took place is all we
  had to submit after we covered a location through our college. So this is the knowledge
  we got from our studies and practical approach in our internships. We learnt about
  world currencies. We learnt about capitals of different countries and how to draw
  maps. These were the activities that we learnt under our career making course of
  travel & tourism. Apart from this i would love to share my own personal experience
  on how i leapt into the unknown location that is my first Solo trip which i took
  by myself. I traveled solo to Rajasthan state from mumbai by boarding the train
  as mode of transport. So ya i was following a budget trip. I went to Udaipur, Jaipur
  and ajmer and covered some small towns and villages under those cities. Stayed at
  zostels, communicated to lot of unknown people, the localites and many more people
  whom i met enroute my journey. 4-5 days visit to these cities and i covered almost
  all sorts of activities which are famous in those locations. But more important
  was i covered those places also which are unknowns and which are not soo famous
  or you can say rare. I beleive one cannot be a travel blogger or a writer just by
  posting up pictures and pasting up things which others tell you or which is already
  showed on google search engine. Writing needs your personal observation about a
  place. Your total honest experience about how you completed the journey. So ya i
  am here to learn about how to frame words or to make it short and simple. I dont
  know if i get selected for this trip or not but i am keen to learn. I am not so
  perfect but i am sure i will get to learn from you guys and i will be most lucky
  to get on this trip and experience this journey. Waiting To Go!
