Title: Travel Journey
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travel-journey
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Bruna Almeida
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Traveling is also a journey into yourself. Getting to know South Africa was
  a starting point for the development of my self-knowledge. Exactly during a Safari,
  while we are at the mercy of nature facing animals, it is clear the perception of
  how human beings are submissive to the laws of life. The game safari in Kruger Park
  is a ride that surpasses any expectation, because besides being amazing, it shows
  you the real naturalness of things.


  South Africa is a culturally, naturally and socially rich country. The African "waka
  waka" is built by breathtaking natural landscapes, such as Table Mountain, Signal
  Hill, Lions Head and its numerous beaches, as well as exotic cuisine with unprecedented
  drinks.


  South African wines lead you into delirium and provide a sense of belonging to the
  place. We can also comment on the population of the country. They are very similar
  to the Brazilians: cheerful, lively and receptive. Maybe that''s why I liked it
  so much and identified myself with the place.


  Although every trip was awesome, a certain event struck splendidly me. When planning
  the trip, I decided that I would do the Safari from Johannesburg to Kruger Park,
  which would result in a 4 hour road trip. I decided to package with an agency (Africa
  Spear), because even though it would be more expensive, it would be safer for those
  traveling alone. At the arranged time, the driver, Mike, was promptly waiting for
  us to begin our adventure. It was a journey that has already begun to show me how
  blessed we are and how much I should be grateful for. When we arrived at the park,
  another guide was responsible for driving the tour and we went in search of the
  animals. Just as someone already told me, safari is a matter of luck. Some people
  can easily see all animals (including the Big Five: Lion, elephant, buffalo, leopard
  and rhinoceros), but other people can not see all the animals they crave. In my
  case, I saw and I surprised them all. The moment we are in the car looking for the
  animals provides a peace I have never felt in life. Being there, in their environment,
  puts us in a position of support, where nature itself is the protagonist.


  After the game, we were directed to our rooms, which are small hollows with simple
  bed and bathroom. We do not miss anything, and it''s like a detox for the soul,
  especially for those who were on the other side of the world, with no company.


  The morning safari starts at 5am in the morning. The car picked me up while it was
  still dark so we could see the sunrise in the middle of the park. It was one of
  the most special dawns I have ever experienced, and despite all the cold, the warmth
  of God''s love and the perfection of nature was able to warm us up.


  It was on that day, January 3, that I saw the Leopard. So handsome, wise and sagacious.
  It was hours in that immersion, but unfortunately, he had to go back to the city
  and continue his trip. After being entranced by everything that had passed, the
  driver, Mike, came to me so we could return to Johannesburg. During our return,
  we had an unforeseen event and the tire broke out. As it was just the two of us,
  we joined forces and still got help from a willing couple who literally saved our
  lives. At the end of the day, waiting for my flight to Cape Town, I concluded that
  the safari game was one of the best experiences of my life, in which the universe
  contributed to make everything happen in the best way, and also showed me that we
  must faithfully believe in our dreams , that they always surprise us positively.'
