Title: Travelogue Series  - Sydney
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/travelogue-series-sydney
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Archana Kammanla
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: Australia was never on my list of places to travel. Why you might ask? Spiders
  is why!But when I decided to travel I could only save up enough for a country close.
  Sydney was the first city I explored by myself. It is the city that made me fall
  in love with me. The city where I realized I am my own friend, enemy and confidant.There
  are a lot of things that Sydney has to offer in terms of art, history, culture,
  architectural beauties and food. The people are friendly and public transport easy
  to use and cheap.While I can go into detail about what I did every second. I would
  much rather leave it for you to explore. I will however give a summary as to how
  I went about my exploration and mention a couple of must try food places.I tend
  to spend less on accommodation and travel so I can focus my spending on food and
  sights. So I stayed in Sydney CBD in a shared room for backpackers. Bunk beds and
  a cupboard were all I got, but it was cozy. Staying close to the station meant easy
  access to anywhere in the city. Pretty much every dairy sells Opal - the public
  transport card for Sydney and it gives you discounted rates for travel. With the
  smart phone in my hand I spend my days walking through the meandering lanes and
  exploring the wide range of museums and art galleries. When my feet hurt I would
  walk into a random cafe and enjoy a drink while reading poetry or a novel.I felt
  at home amidst strangers, people walking by in a hurry but the time had stood still
  for me. There is a spot by Paddy's market that has a couple of benches. It's sheltered
  from the sun by the buildings around it and has a few modern art installations.
  This place was always crowded with people going to get somewhere and I loved sitting
  on the benches and people watching. Heaps of families with joyous kids, couples
  holding hands, old people shopping and shopkeepers trying to sell there goods. It
  felt like I was a piece of furniture with the ability to experience a part of their
  life and for a few fleeting moments their happiness was mine. It is in this spot
  on one of my visits that I made peace with my pain and that one day I will no longer
  feel it.My favorite museum to be lost in was the 'Museum of Sydney' I ended up spending
  the entire morning, perusing through anthropological marvels followed by paintings
  and sculptures. I was filled with contented bliss.During my first visit to Sydney
  one of the things I knew I wanted to try was the Aqua S ice-cream. While slightly
  over-priced, it was definitely worth the try they only have 3 flavors at a time
  with sea salt being the crowd-pleaser. Their toppings range from candy floss to
  toasted marshmallow. The salty flavour of the ice-cream is perfectly balanced with
  the sweetness from the candy floss and a topping of popping candy is like a festival
  in your mouth. It was a moment of pure joy for me in months.On my second visit with
  my friend on our last day together, we decided to grab lunch before we parted ways.
  Instead of arguing about the various cuisines we ducked into an eatery called 'Little
  Hunan' in Chinatown. I am not entirely sure if it was the company or hunger or just
  how they cooked their food but it is till date one of the best meals I have had
  in my life. The cuisine is chinese but from the province of Hunan. They use a blend
  of various spices to have a tantalizing balance that makes you want more. Months
  on after my visit I still crave and search for a place of similar cuisine back in
  Auckland.In short, Sydney was spectacular, beautiful and everything that I was not
  expecting but needed at the time. There are places you leave a part of you at and
  places that you carry in your heart for years to come. Sydney is the latter.
