Title: Traveling is a great trip with no return!
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/traveling-is-a-great-trip-with-no-return
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Marianne Teixeira
AuthorCountry: Netherlands
Text: 'I could not choose a single travel story because they are all very special.
  When we travel, we truly embark within ourselves. And every trip is a one way trip.
  We never go back the same. Knowing how to extract the greatest learning from a journey
  is great wisdom. Smells, flavors, looks, life, colors and loves. They mark us and
  fill us with so much brilliance that it transforms us.

  This process of knowing the new, of looking at that different culture in a genuine
  and open way to learn, is what really makes me fall in love.

  And that''s why in November of 2018 I decided to jump into the unknown, literally.
  I am an engineer and worked for a big company in Brazil, but I decided to go out
  and explore the world more. In November I dropped everything and went to study French
  in Bretagne, northwest of France with a lot of history and a lot of personality.
  I lived great cultural experiences that I never imagined in these two months of
  study. Now I decided to come to Amsterdam to study English. Amsterdam is a unique,
  modern, sustainable and efficient city. I''ve been here 2 times previously and had
  not known this city with today''s explorer''s view.

  Because of my desire to share feelings and moments of each trip, today I have a
  travel blog as a hobby. I like to share what I feel in the place I have been, so
  that other people can also get it. More than script, I share experiences.

  I am very interested in entering this experience to learn a lot from these great
  icons so that I can write more and better. Besides that, I''m in love with Portugal,
  my second nationality. I have been to the country twice last year and I would like
  to explore it much more!

  Traveling is a great trip with no return!'
