Title: Treasures worth more than gold
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/treasures-worth-more-than-gold
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Shanaaz Mushfidt-Scheun
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: I met my husband in a coffe shop, I am South-African and he is from Pakistan.
  We had a civil marriage in court only us and the officials and an unknown person
  that we got outside as our witness. Two months after our civil union we went to
  Pakistan to introduce the new bride and myself and to have a proper tradition wedding.
  I've never been outside of my home country so this truely a leap into the unknown
  for me. What food do they eat, can they speak English? I wear western cloths, and
  what awaits me when I arrive in this foreign country..  My glimpse at the unknown
  was a shock to my system, I have never seen such poverty, the drive from the airport
  was a 3 hour drive from Islamabad the Capaital to a little village, Man-di-bowldin,
  and yet I was humbled by these ppl in that drive.  They were friendly and even though
  I could not understand a word of their vanacular the gestures and smiles somehow
  made me understand them.  Islamabad was filled with shops with beautiful eastern
  garments and accessories none like I've ever seen before and when I converted my
  Rands to Ruppes I went from middle class to semi-elite instantly.  How can these
  exquisite garments and ornaments and accessories be so cheap, the inner shopperholic
  in me came out with full flare. The little village that was my husband's hometown
  was more like a little piece of heaven we all yearn for some time in our lives.  Hustle
  and bustle of day time people in the markets going about their daily duties and
  with the quiet and peaceful country life when we at his house.  I could see cows
  from my balcony window which they call buffaloes and how would I know the difference
  maybe they were, and I loved every day I spend getting to know these people.  They
  live in houses of extended families with brothers and their wives and sisters and
  children and the elderly and it all makes sense to them and with time it did to
  me as well.  This is what my own "culture" lacked. The unity of family bonds. Our
  wedding was a 3 day affair with rainbow coloures and the most tasty sweet meat which
  I would call delicatessens.  Dancing and singing and food. My leap into the unknown
  was truely the best eyes wide shut decision I made. We visited landmarks of mosques
  and grand malls all in one day. Going from the city to the county with their own
  unique trades was enlightening. I truely left my heart in this beautiful colorful
  country
