Title: 'Trip to Great Britain '
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/trip-to-great-britain
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mithun  Chhibber
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Well it was long time back story . I have visited to UK once.  The story starts
  with the visa which was unexpected to get on same day.  I was so happy that i called
  up at my home telling that my dream came true of getting visa. Then i booked the
  ticket at a week gap.  I was so excited to explore new country that i packed up
  my bags put essential stuff pair of clothes some eatable items and got ready for
  sky travel.  My flight was in morning and the time from delhi to Manchester airport
  was 8 hours in which i have to interchange flight in doha. So while travelling in
  flight i enjoyed meal and had a conversation with a person next to my seat as well
  as from window i was looking downward when the flight was landing.  Manchester was
  looking so beautiful all the lights were shining it was great view in night when
  i was landing. Overall i enjoyed my flight.  Then the main part came when i landed
  in Manchester.  I feel so amazing that i just wanted to finish my immigration formalities
  as soon as possible and wanted to see Manchester.  Once allvthe formalities were
  done.  I just took my baggage and went out. It was night and  freezing but i was
  feeling awesome. I asked taxi and gave him address where i want to go. In taxi i
  was looking the roads markets and people who are walking there.  I was fully prepared
  of adopting new culture and wanted to explore more.  It was amazing journey. I have
  learnt many things through this journey. The people were very nice and helpful.  I
  enjoyed each and every day over there whether it was food aur exploring places weather
  was so unexpected but i quite enjoyed that as well.  Toady also i miss my those
  days. Hope to live the same dream of travelling again.  And exploring new country
  and culture again.
