Title: ' trippin on dope beats'
DateModified: '2019-02-09'
DatePublished: '2019-02-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/trippin-on-dope-beats
SetInCountry: Israel
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Tobias Kirsch
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'It seemed to be a good idea to go to Tel Aviv in february for a weekend of
  fun. I''m a Dj for a longtime next to my "real" job and could play at 3 different
  places. Planning the trip was exciting, Israel is a country where  you cannot get
  in like european foreign countries. Talking to friends who have been in the country
  befoe gave me some confidence that everything will work out. BUT: I had an adress
  where I would stay 6 hours before I went to the airport.

  Yoo might not know this, so I need to mention it: when you enter Israel, you need
  to have this adress. I was nervous. Landed in Tel Aviv, nobody picked me up from
  the airport, although I have been promised that somebody picks me up. I had to take
  a cab instead and landed in a gated community of rich people. The people hosting
  me were the family of a female musician I was working with. Very kind people, but
  the whole circumstances seemed unreal. I went to the concert with the  daughter
  of the house, great musical experience. 2 days later I realized that the guy promised
  me to take care of me was a cocaine addict and a person I don''t want to be in touch
  with. Next to this, he is one of the most important character in Tel Aviv night
  life. I hated to be stuck there. Nobody really took care how I felt. I had to ask
  these guys everything and I didn''t to be dependant on them. I took it as a kind
  of adventure and a joyful experience in the end. DJing was fun, but next time I
  will head to this city, I will not ask these guys again.  This City is an amazing
  island in the country and what was I doing? hanging with some tripped out musicians
  who can''t really host people. I feel I need to start over and go there again just
  to get a better impression.'
