Title: Trip from Bali to my heart
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/trip-from-bali-to-my-heart
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: ANNA PYLIUTA
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: 'In August 2017, I went to Bali from Thailand, where I worked as a tour guide.
  That was my old dream. And the most important thing for me, during this trip, was
  to create a connection with the island, the search for something that would have
  caught me, touched me deeply, so that I could feel the moment and pass through myself.

  I will describe the last day on the island, in the center of the Balinese spiritual
  life, in Ubud. It was that day that became decisive in my entire history associated
  with the island.

  Early in the morning Agus came for us, a Balinese, with whom we had already traveled
  on an excursion. We had breakfast at our hotel and hit the road. Our first stop
  was a surprise from Agus - he brought us to Hidden Canyon. We walked along with
  the instructor, walking barefoot, on rocks and water. It was very exciting, we took
  a lot of cool photos. After leaving the canyon, we walked along rice fields, on
  the way to our car. In the sky we saw many kites.

  Then Agus drove us to one of the most famous waterfall near Ubud, Tegenungan Waterfall.
  We definitely decided to swim in the waterfall, the solution could not be otherwise,
  as we have already experienced the effect of the water power of the waterfalls of
  the northern part of the island. We also walked along the river that formed after
  the fall of the waterfall. It''s amazing how river stones were laid on the banks.
  They stood on top of each other, forming tall stone sculptures.

  Then we went to Goa Gajah, or Elephant Cave. This place is located near Ubud also.
  Built in the 9th century. It served as a sanctuary. Although the exact origin of
  this cave is unclear, it is believed that the womb was built for spiritual meditations.
  The entrance to the cave is decorated with ancient high reliefs, carved in stone,
  whose purpose, as it is supposed, is to drive away evil spirits.

  Then Agus led us into the jungle, not far from the cave of Goa Gajah. We swam in
  a mountain river and meditated on huge river stones near the water. Our Balinese
  friend said that previously these places near the water were used specifically for
  meditation, surrounded by nature and near water. I can call this moment - merging
  with nature.

  After bathing, we had lunch at one restaurant and went to the temple of Pura Tirta
  Empul. It was an amazing experience, because in addition to walking around the temple,
  Agus suggested that we perform a ritual ablution in the pools with sources, we certainly
  agreed. The name of the temple translates as "Temple of the Sacred Water." The water
  in the Tirta Empul temple is considered holy and has a mystical healing power. To
  enter the pool for ablution, we all wore special clothes of beautiful emerald color,
  tied a red ribbon on the belt. After exiting the pools there was an amazing feeling
  of lightness.

  Later in the evening we went to the rice terraces of Tegallalang. Bright green rice
  bushes on the cascading terraces, which were filled with water and twinkled in the
  light of the evening sky. Having made beautiful photos on the background of rice
  terraces, we went to dinner in a very cute cafe among the rice fields - Green Cubu
  Cafe. We sat on soft padded stools near rice fields and watched an amazing sunset.

  I decided to walk around the cafe, alone, along the rice fields and the jungle,
  listening to the sounds of nature. And at that moment I was penetrated, imbued with
  an island so much so that tears poured from my eyes and rolled down my cheeks. And
  then a very strong bond was established, of my heart and my soul, with the island
  of Bali. Now the island has become a home and it will remain in me forever and I
  will always strive for it. Creating a local connection took place, on my last day
  on the island. Thanks to the Universe for this beautiful moment, for this feeling.
  I''m happy.'
