Title: Tropical village of colors and myths.
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tropical-village-of-colors-and-myths
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Gisele  Rodrigues
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: Porto Seguro has for years carried the title of Discovery Coast, where the Portuguese
  first sighted the Brazilian lands. The city today is an important tourist spot for
  tourism in Brazil. However, in the same region is the village of Corumbau, land
  of mysteries and paradisiacal beaches, that only recently appeared in the tourist
  guides. After crossing an hour on muddy roads, full of slopes and holes, I finally
  arrived at the straw hut - a kind of hostel - that I had rented by telephone. Soon
  in the early days I realized the unique mythical richness of the place, I was struck
  by how the tales, fantasies and local beliefs still exist even in the age of technology
  and cultural globalization. It is almost indescribable the fascination that the
  typical legends of the region provoke, especially when counted at night around a
  bonfire on the beach. The cool night wind and the corner of the sea waves made the
  magic moment, in fact, this is a characteristic of Corumbau, the moments are unique
  and the feeling is that we are distant not only from the world, but also from time
  itself. The daily activities, in many local huts, still follow the rhythm of nature
  and the seasons, so there is no notion of hurry and flying time that we feel in
  the  urban centers. The two weeks that I spent there passed slightly, calmly and
  without worries . The beaches are without waves and clear, seem to represent all
  the tranquility of the place. One advice I give is to wake up early to see the beauty
  of the rising sun, the shining sea and the fishermen heading for another day of
  fighting. It is also important not to walk alone on a full moon night, there are
  rumors that the werewolf from Corumbau doesn't like tourists very much, especially
  those who don't believe the local legends.
