Title: Tunnel of remembrance and reconciliation
DateModified: '2019-03-08'
DatePublished: '2019-03-08'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/tunnel-of-remembrance-and-reconciliation
SetInCountry: Rwanda
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Patick Mwangi
AuthorCountry: Kenya
Text: In 1994, the world was set ablaze with reports of the second mass murdering
  of innocent civilians in Rwanda. The Tutsi clan was being "wiped" out by the Hutu
  clan as retaliation of the president being killed at Kigali airport in April 1994.
  The president was a Hutu. The mass murders which would see over 800,000 innocent
  lives lost in only 100 days was somehow left unattended to by the international
  community. Fast forward to 2014 when I got to travel to Kigali to see this beautiful
  city, vibrant and dynamic with reconciliation at the forefront. Upon arrival, I
  was welcomed with a warm smile and assistance to get a local taxi to my hotel destination.
  The following day, after resting, I got to visit the Kigali Genocide Memorial, which
  is the final resting place for over 250,000 genocide victims. As one of the guides,
  who was also a survivor, narrated her story of pain and endurance through the entire
  period, how she lost her family and friends, I could not help but break down and
  cry in silence. How could such a beautiful nation have all these people full of
  hatred? How could neighboring East African's say nothing during the genocide? How
  did the international community not intervene until it was too late? I had so many
  questions but kept the thoughts inside as trying to speak left my lips trembling
  and voice breaking. As the guide got us to a section where there were skulls of
  little children and torn clothes, some of which still had dried blood stains, I
  thought of my then 3 year old son and my knees gave in. I fell to the tiled floor
  and cried hard. The emotions had taken over and I had to option but to let the process
  pass. My spirit was weak, my soul in disarray and my energy levels were below comprehension.
  The guide, asked her assistant to continue with the tour and walked back towards
  me. She placed her hand on my shoulder and said to me "The pain you feel sir, we
  lived through it and we survived. You may feel that you and others around the world
  did not do anything then, but you can still do something now by supporting our cause
  of forgiveness and reconciliation. Teach your children and others not to hate, not
  to harm and not to destroy. Teach them how to live in peace and to appreciate the
  life they have". I got up and hugged her tight for almost two  minutes and gave
  a sigh of gratification. We then walked and caught up with the rest of the visitors
  who were nearing the end of the tour. I could see other grown men with dried up
  tears on their cheeks and mascara stains on women's faces as the tour concluded.
  Never in my life had I witnessed such pain through images and memorabilia. The world
  truly needed to know about the Rwandan genocide and as for me, this was an eye-opener
  to really appreciate how good my family and I have it. I would like to travel to
  other parts of the world and share my experiences through words and pictures via
  my personal blog.
