Title: Turbulent travellers tummy
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/turbulent-travellers-tummy
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Oiver Boycott
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: When arriving in India I was so naive to all the adversity that may arise in
  the coming months, but I was also unaware of how beautiful and kindly the Indian
  people are and with that, their persistence to sell you whatever they have lying
  around . On arrival I found myself vomiting within hours of touching down  in India
  despite having nothing but bottled water. Week 2, my train was late by 10 hours.
  I found myself sat above many Indian families in the luggage rack. It then started,
  the bubbling cauldron that is my stomach. This is when i found myself sqautting
  over a hole with projectile vomit and diarrhea, each simultaneously departing my
  body, as we were finally departing the station, 12 hours late. Week three train
  two, I found myself in the same situation, in an Indian toilet on a moving train
  far away from home, luckily, the train was on time and my upset stomach was on time
  to stop, or so I thought. Week 4, crouched over a grimacing toilet in a dingy hostel,
  puking up my guts, oh this paradise I thought. As I am now 2 months into my journey,
  I hope that was my final experience of having my head in an Indian toilet. Although
  India can be a huge culture shock and jump from what you may experience at home,
  it is also superb. Whenever in need or distress you'll always find help in India
  whether it's a smiling face, a Sikh man telling you he's into hard core sex, (don't
  ask the story behind that), or just "please take a selfie with me sir", yes you
  will feel like a celebrity with white skin in India. It is a huge onslaught of colour,
  noise (don't get me started about the beeping horns), and smells (you'll get used
  to the smell of the toilets, trust me). But Indian people are so wonderfully friendly
  even if it is just to sell you their last samosa, you'll always learn something
  from the many faces that you meet in India.
