Title: Turning Into a Butterfly
DateModified: '2019-02-21'
DatePublished: '2019-02-21'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/turning-into-a-butterfly
SetInCountry: Poland
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Bernardo Nunes
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'As my University years went by the time to study abroad eventually arrived.
  Erasmus was something I had always dreamt about. Many people before me had studied
  abroad, a semester full of experiences, fun, living without parents, expenses paid,
  basically paradise. So I submitted my application, and after some problems I managed
  to fill a vacancy in Warsaw, Poland. Now I was scared. To leave my parents and friends,
  and the comfortable environment in which I lived in was terrifying. I left, and
  it was the best decision, for me and for all that surrounded me. I arrived to a
  city that was cloudy and cold, dark and ugly. I had no house to live in, I stayed
  in a hostel while trying to find one, and the only person that was with me was a
  University colleague that I had just met and was in the same situation. I felt lonely
  in the first day, but I did not know that the light was starting to enter through
  the cracks of my skull. I started to befriend this colleague of mine, together we
  found a house for three, we took it, and in a week we managed to find a third person
  to fill the empty room. Both became brothers to me. We began to explore this city
  that was now turning sunny and beautiful. The exchange University was ugly and badly
  organized, professors did not speak good English, and employees were not helpful,
  but we discovered that the sweetness in this place was in the students. As I entered
  a classroom for the first time I discovered that it was not composed only by Polish
  people and Erasmus students, but rather by 90% Indian people, 5% Polish and 5% Erasmus.
  The best part came when me and my friend befriended all of these guys, as they were
  so nice and friendly. Thanks to them University was easy and fun to participate.
  Then we had the Erasmus parties'' side. Thanks to social media, it was easy to find
  all sorts of Erasmus events to go to. Every Wednesday there was a club only for
  foreign students, and that is where I met several people, including more people
  from my country. I discovered that this whole experience that we were living and
  had in common made it even easier to socialize and meet people. Everyone was open
  to talk, to have fun, to make plans for trips or to visit and walk through the city
  of Warsaw. Everyone organized gatherings in their homes, and all were happy to be
  free in a new city with new friends. This feeling was invigorating. I was now rediscovering
  myself. Seeing a part of me that I had forgotten, parts that made me happy, parts
  that I had hid from myself because of fear, such as love. I fell in love with girls,
  I fell in love with my friends, I fell in love with the city, I fell in love with
  the world again. I was now having contact with all sorts of persons: Polish, International
  and Erasmus students; workers, such as Portuguese immigrants and Polish citizens;
  Gym personal trainers and regulars; Grocery store owners; Neighbors; and many more.
  I felt open to the world and in contact with it. I said to myself that I had to
  go back to my hometown, Lisbon, and have this feeling. I realized that many conditions,
  constructions, illusions and fears were making it impossible for me to be happy
  where I had lived for my whole life. Warsaw opened my eyes, made me see there was
  more, filled my heart with love, when I had forgotten it was empty. I left Warsaw,
  and all that came with it, I still feel my heart beating stronger when I think of
  that semester. It was paradise for a few months, and it was tough to leave all those
  friendships and my house. But I returned knowing one thing: that this paradise,
  this amazing feeling, was within me and not in Warsaw, that I can be there wherever
  I am geographically.'
