Title: Two hands on the wall.
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/two-hands-on-the-wall
SetInCountry: Poland
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Dena Chemerys
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: In 2016 we did a whirlwind tour of 23 countries in 4 months as retirees. Poland
  was an after thought, even though my husband's grand father had fled Budno Poland
  in the early 1900's to avoid being drafted into the Czar's army. The bus ride thru
  the Tetras mountains was beautiful beyond words. I secretly wanted my husband to
  reconnect with his heritage but that meant the ugly past of visiting a concentration
  camp. Vacation to us has always been about fun, history, exploration, local food,
  and connecting with the people.  We traveled to Krakow and would end up at  Oscar
  Schindler's factory. We saw the Jewish Ghetto and heard stories from the locals.
  I unsuccessfully had tried to convince my husband to tour Auschwitz. It was not
  until we traveled to Germany that my husband was convinced to tour Dachau. Normally
  I take hundreds if not thousands of pictures. We read the memorial plaque which
  honors our American service members for help in liberating the camp. I took a picture
  of the plaque. We took a guided tour  thru rebuilt barracks, saw drawings by prisoners,
  and walked in silence from one end to the other of the camp. Neither of us could
  prepare ourselves for the gas chamber rooms which were disguised as showers. The
  guide said many tourists miss the area in the back where the killing wall was located.
  More than 6,000 remains were found in mass graves there. We felt we had to go and
  pay our respects. We walked the little path along the wall and at that moment I
  said to my husband, " I can't bring myself to take pictures at this sacred place.
  Instead we each placed a hand on the wall ,and I took the second  photo, 2 hands
  on the wall and we cried. What an incredible vacation. A personal connection had
  started in Poland but was completed in Germany when we toured Berlin. The line thru
  the city dividing East from West, The Brandenburg Gate, Check point Charlie, and
  Potsdamer Platz to name a few. But it was the East Side Gallery which has the longest
  in tact section of the Berlin Wall that we exited the tour bus. We  walked along
  for what seemed like an eternity, in a surreal moment in time we once again  placed  two
  hands on the wall and I took the picture.  My husband and I had come full circle
  from the wall of death in Poland to  the wall that fallen  in  Germany. What an
  incredible vacation. We found the Polish and German people to be very friendly,
  and  the food some of the best in the world. What's not to like about German sausages,
  German beer, polish pierogies, and Kraut?  As Americans we needed to see "two hands,
  our hands, on the wall."  Next  we were off to   Munich, Wurzburg, Kiel, Wardemunde
  and Rostock Germany. The cathedrals, parks, country side, and even the graffiti
  was more than we could ever have imagined, but my husband's personal connection
  made the trip a once in a lifetime for us.
