Title: two on the train
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/two-on-the-train
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: tamer kamel hussein
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: 'two on the train


  Both of them sat in front of me, both of them with signs of distress and depression,

  The disease that haunts my eyes wherever I go, I no longer see in all those faces
  except that dreaded disease and I do not know medicine FOR IT It was clear that
  they knew some well, each of them was talking to the other, making a laugh whose
  predominant nature was narrow, One of them seems to be wearing the luxury of elegant
  clothes and fondling with his hands the most expensive mobile and shows there in
  his pocket a box of foreign cigarettes, I wonder why such a person like that is
  riding this humble train, and Why does he look at his  friend with that looks which  like
  hatred from time to time? It was a mystery that interested me in knowing their story.
  I waited until the elegant person apologized from his friend until he smoked away
  Here my turn come .I do not have a better chance to get to know his friend than
  that opportunity. The idea was a bit crazy, but curiosity was killing me. I started
  when I offered him one of the desserts that was with me he took her and asked him
  immediately why these uncomfortable looks to his friend, I was afraid to meet her
  time a terrible response for me, for example .. ((go away from my face?, "But the
  opposite is exactly what it was like, as if he wanted to talk to anyone else, he
  started to moderate a little in his seat and put one of his hands behind his head
  then went to say, Do you know this person "my friend, we graduated together and
  you are higher than him in everything ... we worked together in a company from a
  big foreign company until the representative of the parent company, To choose one
  of the engineers as the manager in charge of all of its Middle East branches, mediation
  has played a major role in this effort to introduce my friend as one of the most
  important people in the parent company. Chose him to change his life in everything
  and became the manager of all the company''s branches in the Middle East " he look
  at me and asked me  ,do i think  that in this world is truly justice !!!?

  I could not give him an answer and I did not think he was waiting for an answer.
  He emptied what was in his bag and while we were like that, this elegant friend
  came and sat next to him, I looked at the man I was talking to and tears began to
  flow from his eye and before he knew his friend he went to the bathroom, It''s my
  chance now, but how do I start talking to him, but why do I see that abras fall
  from his eye as well? Really weird? I will not wait anymore. I''ll talk to him,

  sorry?

  Why does a man like you ride this bad train?

  He looked far into the train window and looked so long that he entered despair and
  thought he would not answer until he finally surprised me, while still looking through
  the window of the train saying: "I had the most beautiful wife on earth and  beautiful
  child.

  "I was returning with my wife from a trip with my car and a great accident occurred
  i lost my wife and son I am now lonely, and since then I am afraid to ride cars
  "

  Then he looked at me in the end and his eyes were full of tears ... Do you know
  ?

  I wish I were a little engineer like my friend  and my wife and son live as they
  were

  And then grabbed my arm  .. Do you think that in this world really justice?


  They both want to be a place for each other and wonder what was in the real justice
  of the world,

  If each of them knows what is going on in the other''s mind, he will know that there
  is justice in everything'
