Title: Uncovering the lines
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/uncovering-the-lines
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Fabiane Elisa Lica Ricardo
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'Going through an ocean, a new culture to adapt, a fear inside, an insecurity,
  facts and stories told before you even embark, a new challenge to face.


  When you arrive at the airport you can see the transition, just few people speak
  English, orientations in a language that at first seems too aggressive, but with
  universal language, an exchange of looks can understand what should be done. When
  you get into the city a lot of noise, dirt everywhere, dialogues that seem like
  fights, it is a chaos. The first impression may terrify you.


  The first challenge, cross the street. Cars, people, animals, there are no traffic
  laws, the dialogue is made through different horn sounds in predetermined sequences,
  a dialogue that only an Egyptian could explain you.


  Here comes the day by day, Egyptian life revolves around bargaining, you do not
  buy anything without negotiating, it''s all part of the game, a fun for the Egyptians,
  at the beginning it can be a little tormenting, but as the days go by, becomes part
  of the adventure and becomes more and more intense when you go to negotiate.


  It is necessary to learn the basics of the Arabic language, because picking up a
  micro-bus without knowing how to read the numbers becomes insane, but this challenge
  makes you stronger to do that negotiation of daily survival.


  The Egyptians show in their face the immensity of affection they carry in their
  hearts, even that seller of trinkets in the street, no matter how much they do not
  speak other languages, the will to express themselves becomes a mimic and everything
  becomes a communication.


  The religion is respected everywhere, the mosques bring an inexplicable peace, in
  the temples the memory of the history classes and the passage of the days, is discovering
  a little piece of the Egyptian paradise, where everything began. Each corner a different
  story.


  Speaking of different, we are different here, our history is different here, each
  ride, a photo with an Egyptian, an emotion in each click, a breath and an accomplishment,
  we are part of their discovery, not just for us.


  Climbing Mount Sinai becomes the biggest and best challenge of the script, extreme
  variations of temperatures, feelings and realizations, the important thing is to
  achieve, and at the end, the sensation of gratitude.


  Navigating the Nile River and swimming in the Red Sea becomes a passion.

  Who would have thought that the pyramid of the book was just history and the camels
  were biting? The camels smile, and the pyramids sparkle, it''s amazing!


  It is unbelievable to go through so many places in such a short time and feel to
  be part of so much history. As when we are moved by a new song, a dazzling sunset
  or a taste that makes us sigh, not only the desert covers Egypt and that is the
  feeling of being here, breathing the dry air of the desert and freezing in the sea
  ice.


  Within all this context that at first seemed frightening, with the passing of days,
  it becomes a knot in the throat to have to leave, the desire to explore more and
  more this country is immense, and at the same time I think that maybe I could not
  stand to live in this madness for a long time, I feel that I will miss it and that
  yes, I would live this madness for longer.


  Travel is the opportunity to recreate ourselves in a simpler and more uncomplicated
  way, discovering that our world can fit in the space of a suitcase and that inside
  that bag can carry a very valuable luggage, the exchange of cultures.


  We cling to our world, our things, our objects. As if that could define us.


  Pack up if you can. Make plans, map routes, decipher maps. Go to places you only
  knew in your dreams, steady yourself on the ground you chose and take a deep breath
  in the atmosphere that welcomed you. Drop unnecessary baggage and say goodbye to
  what no longer makes sense. Feel alive, feel another, feel ready to start over ...
  Shukran Egypt! (Thank you Egypt).


  A new adventure to plan, what''s the next destination?'
