Title: Understanding the tragedy
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/understanding-the-tragedy
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Stuart Fahy
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'You can''t really understand a place until you''ve been there and spent time
  with the locals. That was certainly the case for me when I first went to Christchurch
  in New Zealand. It was two years after the big earthquake in 2011 and my first impressions
  were not great. I wasn''t sure what to expect but a lot of time had passed and I
  was surprised to see the level of devastation still evident around the city. There
  was nothing there. Entire blocks were none existent and the city centre contained
  many destroyed buildings and empty plots. I was beginning to wonder exactly what
  there was to see in Christchurch and how I could occupy the next few days.


  That evening I was enjoying a beer in a local bar when two guys took a seat next
  to mine and casually started chatting to me. I was a little taken aback. This was
  my first night in New Zealand and I had yet to become familiar with the typically
  friendly Kiwi nature.


  The two locals, Dan and John, were from nearby New Brighton and over the next couple
  of hours told me how life had changed since the earthquake and what they thought
  about it.


  They explained how the people of Christchurch had become accustomed to a certain
  way of life. This was the only major city on the South Island and a major gateway
  into New Zealand. However, things had taken an understandable decline since the
  earthquake, but according to Dan and John those who had benefitted from Christchurch''s
  position in the past weren''t interested in restoring it now.


  New Brighton is situated on the coast, east of the city. They were still hearing
  tsunami warnings some six months after that first big earthquake, even during the
  middle of the night. Much to John''s annoyance.


  Two days later I met Emma, another local who offered to show me around and give
  me more of the story. Emma had been working in the Botanic Gardens at the time and
  told me how she saw whole trees being ripped out of the ground as the earthquake
  struck. She also showed me the 185 Empty Chairs memorial across the street from
  the CTV Building where the majority of the people died. The sight of the pure white
  chairs, from rockers to baby carriers, is truly heartbreaking. Especially at a site
  so close to where much of the tragic events unfolded.


  As Emma drove me around she pointed out several buildings. "This one is unsafe,
  this still needs to come down." Even with all the empty lots around the city there
  was still a lot more that had to be demolished before the rebuilding could really
  begin. I was starting to understand the real tragedy that had struck this previously
  influential city.


  Speaking to other tourists they were all shocked at the lack of any real structure
  in Christchurch. A reaction similar to my own initially. But it''s not only the
  loss of life, a terrible situation on its own, that the people of Christchurch have
  had to deal with. It''s essentially the near impossible task of having to rebuild
  an entire city.


  That obviously takes time. But even amongst all the heartbreaking stories and hardship
  there are highlights. The locals making the best of a devastating situation. The
  Re:Start Mall for example, a shopping centre created from brightly coloured shipping
  containers, was both brilliantly simple and effective.


  My early response to Christchurch has changed considerably after that first day
  and I now have a great affinity with the city. Since then I have returned a couple
  of times, always ensuring it''s on any itinerary to New Zealand. Seeing even slight
  improvements since my last visit gives an uplifting feeling of elation. The developments
  around the cathedral, whilst minimal, are always something I''m always interested
  to see. There are also the small things, such as the reopening of the theatre and
  other venues.


  Christchurch lost so much after the 2011 earthquake, but the rebuilding continues.
  I wasn''t overly impressed initially but now, thanks to a little time with the people
  who live there, it''s one of my favourite places in the world.'
