Title: under the roof
DateModified: '2019-03-04'
DatePublished: '2019-03-04'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/under-the-roof
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: subin thomas
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I start my journey from my beautiful house by telling byee to my owning land
  where i used to stand.its around 2:30 pm, i ask my father to drop near the railway
  station but he dont want to come out of house because of hot. Then i call my cousin
  to accompany me. We traveled in bus to the railway track where people are really
  busy. Until i reach the destine he speak throughout about our college where we used
  to study together. i taken ticket to kanyakumari and waited for train. we know the
  timing of train from my smart gadget which has an important role in todays technosavy
  world for traveling. Even if we taked every single stuff that needed for travelling
  but we have no plans in the trip. The train reached the kottayam junction at correct
  time and we hire the train. There is a big rush in train but we entered the train
  and searched for empty seats but we didnt found. We have seen many moving face around
  us,i understand that most of them are thinking about the past and some are handling
  their most modern mobiles. i can read stories from my nearby ones. Train starts,
  its running through the tracks to find the destiny. I can hear and smell the stories
  of people. One guy standing besides me fighting with others. He dranks alot and
  he is in a stage where he cannot manage himself. I told my friend that its not good
  to hear everything from him while he cannot control his mouth. There are girls and
  children in that cabin, i switch a music from my mobile in loud noise.. Finally
  its work they stop there unmannered talking because of high frequency sound of song.
  Its better to use the earphone in this situation, why they are giving ear to it.
  On that situation, next stop reached while we got seat and then i notice a girl
  in the window seat she were listening to the music with the headphone.she is not
  facing me.. My eyes fall into her eyes with love, her hair dancing in the wind and
  her eye brows opened and closed in the flow of music.i closed my eyes for a while
  and focussed every action of her body. The trains ran away and my angels get into
  sleep.. i cant close my eyes while she were there opposite to the window seat were
  i am sitting. I understood that i find my soulmate because i feel in my heart. Actually
  i dont remember when i slept, until i open my face in the morning i dont know whether
  she had a look in me. Eyes opened slowly at morning, my views blurred and i seen
  my angel. She is looking into my eyes and i cannot speak up where my voice failed
  to respond because of shock . she ask many questions but i keep silence because
  i lost my voice.
