Title: unending happiness
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/unending-happiness
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Serly  Saputri
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: on a beautiful day. when friendship is tested for mistakes that produce a story
  that will not be forgotten. That day where my squad and I tried to get rid of fatigue
  by running away to enjoy the beauty of the waterfall that was quite far from our
  comfort zone. only with enough money, still in the end we really lost, we still
  forced to leave. we get enough travel, starting from fighting against city congestion,
  along the edge of a beautiful beach, to wrestle with the streets that are not as
  smooth as hope. by using a motorbike, we were invited to the area quite steeply,
  not to mention the road dust that had just been repaired was enough to disturb us.
  3 hours we passed just by walking with the route I remember, because I was the one
  who had been there a while ago. with a simple memory I guide them cheerfully. keep
  going without stopping, chatting with one motorcycle friend, discussing everything
  we see. until finally a sign shows an area that is quite foreign to me. and there
  I also realized that we had driven more than 5 hours. and we decided to stop. there
  are 2 choices given by my friends, keep on going and choose another destination
  or go home. and we chose the first choice. but they did not allow me to guide again
  but instead used google maps for guides. I couldn't help but accept that decision.
  we also walked, about 30 minutes suddenly the motorbike that my friend and I were
  riding on ran out of fuel and died suddenly in a place. but damn, I can't tell my
  other friends because their driving speed is quite high. thankful we stopped at
  a refueling. but my bad luck didn't stop there because all of my money, cellphones,
  and luggage were on my friend's motorcycle because he had big space for my bag.
  that was the saddest time for me, there was no one we knew, until finally I decided
  to borrow money from one of the traders, and was grateful he was kind. after that
  we refueled and tried to get to the road which if it were true until we arrived
  at a waterfall. but my cry exploded when the motorbike I was riding broke, and I
  didn't find my friends there. I don't know what else to do, until a man kindly lends
  his cellphone and I can contact my friends. soon we met and decided to go home.
  did not stop there, when it rained very hard without realizing I was carrying a
  motorbike at a fairly high speed and fell with my friend and motorcycle. the pain
  and tiredness made me really uncomfortable and kept breaking tears, not to mention
  my arm hurt quite sickly. and that's my story towards unending happiness.
