Title: Unexpected Lhok Keutapang Beach
DateModified: '2019-02-23'
DatePublished: '2019-02-23'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/unexpected-lhok-keutapang-beach
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Ihza Azizul Hakim
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'In mid 2018, me and 4 friends named Achipa, Kamal, Phonna and Naja went to
  camp on Lhok Keutapang beach, located in Aceh Besar District, Aceh Province. This
  is the second time I went to Lhok Keutapang beach after the first time at the end
  of 2017. At that time, I and 15 of my friends went to Lhok Keutapang beach for the
  first time with fully tired because we walked the wrong mountain so we had to turn
  around and find the right path. The beauty of the beach, scenery and grasslands
  on Lhok Keutapang Beach makes me never regret going there. Lhok Keutapang Beach
  is quite different from other beaches. Apart from the beautiful and wide beaches,
  this beach can only be reached by walking up the mountain for about 3 hours. On
  the day it was approved, we gathered at Kamal''s house with all the luggage and
  cooking necessities then getting ready. After that, at 3 p.m we left by motorbike
  to the village of Lambadeuk, which is the base of the mountain before arriving at
  Lhok Keutapang beach.

  At 3:40 p.m., we arrived in Lambadeuk village and parked our motorcycle. We started
  up the mountain at 3:50 p.m. 15 minutes climbed, we were overwhelmed because a very
  steep and slippery sandy hill made it difficult for us to climb, several times we
  stopped until we arrived at the first resting place. We continued walking until
  we reached the middle of the trip. After arriving at the highest location, the road
  to Lhok Keutapang beach is only a derivative, but not an ordinary derivative, which
  is a very steep derivative so we have to be careful.

  While on the way down, we stopped at the spring, but we were surprised because the
  source of the spring was dry, there was only a puddle of water on the place and
  we were getting worried because the water supply we brought was not enough to cook.
  But we continue the journey. After walking around 90 minutes, we found a hidden
  paradise that was very beautiful, as soon as the feeling of fatigue also disappeared
  after seeing the beauty of the universe. comfort meadows surrounded by high cliffs
  and mountains and laying out vast of Indian oceans that provide an extraordinary
  sight. We feel free and satisfied because we arrived at Lhok Keutapang Beach

  Arriving there, we immediately took shelter, set up bases and tents, then we  changed
  clothes to swim on the beach before dark while waiting for the sunset. One of the
  nice things here is to swim on the coral reef with very unique and diverse fish,
  Lhok Keutapang Beach is still a beautiful beach and has not been known well by people
  making this beach still has a very beautiful nature. moreover, seeing the sunset
  from Lhok Keutapang Beach becomes a very unfortunate thing when it is missed. The
  vast expanse of ocean made us able to see the sunset very beautiful without a barrier.
  After that, we prepared a fire to cook while warming the body. We enjoyed dinner
  and hot coffee under the beautiful star-studded ceilings, rarely enjoying a view
  like this. After that, we shared stories and played games until late and fell asleep.

  The next day, we changed clothes to swim again, this time with very big waves so
  we could swim while playing. However, I was a little negligent so that I was carried
  by the waves to the middle of the ocean, but my friend Kamal quickly chased and
  pulled my hand when the waves were receding, then we immediately swam edge the beach.
  After swimming, we cleared the goods and returned home. At that time, we did not
  have water reserves, to survive and be able to go home, we took a puddle of water
  on the mountain spring to cook even though the water did not seem to be worth drinking,
  it was not much, but at least we were not thirsty and able to walk home . After
  walking for 3 hours, we arrived at the parking lot and immediately returned to our
  homes.'
