Title: Unfamiliar Goa
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/unfamiliar-goa
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Arunima  Dutta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Goa, a party place, party heaven among young Indians and almost everyone has
  this place in one''s wishlist to visit with friends. I wasn''t an exception as well.
  Planned a sudden trip with friends and started off. I had certain images of the
  place without even visiting, due to stories, pictures. Of beaches, foreigners, cheap
  beer, nightclubs and lots of parties.

  Now, I reached Goa, more precisely, south Goa. Rented a beach cottage, and whoa
  it is not even close to what I have heard and imagined to be. The place is so much
  serene and beautiful. Not much crowded and lot of peace. Exactly the way I always
  wanted a vacation to be. More surprises now, went on a road trip to explore more
  about the place, and was thrilled. The winding road just by the mighty Arabian Sea
  leading to a wildlife sanctuary, a lighthouse, more amazing beaches with so clear
  water and less people around, paddy fields, coconut trees and more. Nature is so
  beautiful. Greenery all around, blue water beaches, islands in between. Definitely
  I didn''t see these coming up when we were planning for the trip. I was amazed.
  Came back to the cottages with so many beautiful sightings captured in head which
  won''t be forgotten ever. Sitting on the small rocks, near the beach where water
  kisses your feet now and then, gazing at the stars, sitting quietly and a little
  music sung by the friends was another experience as well. Sat like that for a couple
  of hours and the road trip was continuously crossing my mind all throughout giving
  a very beautiful feeling. The feeling of being able to connect to the nature so
  well that I had not done before.

  The trip left a real good impact and I will definitely recommend to see Goa like
  this. Amidst of all the hullabaloo, enjoying the serenity was an awesome experience.'
