Title: Unplanned amazing place
DateModified: '2019-02-24'
DatePublished: '2019-02-24'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/unplanned-amazing-place
SetInCountry: Canary Islands
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Ni ketut ayu Sundari
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'The journey has begin on 2010, i dreamed my self to visit some city in europe
  and other country in the world. In my mind i just have beliefs my self that all
  my dreams will come true until that day has come to me. When I am just 23 Yo at
  that time, young and really love adventure. God has sent me his chance, i met my
  old friend he has informed that there will be a interview to work on a Cruise ship.
  I said to my Mom and Dad please pray for me, I wont wait for this chance just pass
  by, day by day until the day for the interview is arrive. The interviewer have asked
  me a lots of questions, until the final question is what is my motivation to work
  on a cruise ship, i just gave him a simple answer i just want to see another beautifull
  part of world which i wish i could see in this life time and one day i could share
  my story to my child or even my grandchild. He just said to me the company will
  contact me for the result, in my mind i just say to the god if this is your great
  chance im so thankfull to you if not i believe that you have another better plan
  than my plan is. Until the day that company call me and inform that i passed the
  interview. Im so thankfull to the god, no word i could describe how much i love
  him. Im so excited i inform my mom and dad this result and they just said to me
  that is god design for me. With many preparation Visa, Flight ticket, and others
  stuff. Ticket is on my hand and my first place to arrive is at Barcelona before
  continue flight to homeport Palma de Mallorca. Over 16 hrs flights finally arrive
  at Palma De Mallorca. And the beatifull journey has began, as a first on board orientation
  im so excited. Blue ocean, clear sky, i met many people from different countries
  and will work with them in 9 months. The itenerary will visit some others city in
  mediteranean. Our ship visit canary island such a beautifull place i ever been there
  before, beautifull scenery and i believe that you also will feel that too. Day two
  we went to cartagena, malaga, pallermo, civitavecchia, funchal, cannes, Marocco
  and many places. I don''t know how to describes all the beautifull places i have
  ever been to all people. Since at that time i dont have camera and only old series
  mobile phone with low resolution camera. Hopefully if god give me another chance,
  someday i could come back to that beautifull places. Thank you for reading my story.
  May god blessing you all with happiness and success for all of you and whole family


  Kind regards,


  Ayu Sundari'
