Title: Unspoken Vow Unbreakable Bond
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/unspoken-vow-unbreakable-bond
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Vidushi  Kumar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: When I first arrived here twenty years ago, I was a little bit of confused,
  lost but independent. I didn't need somebody to tell me the way, I could find it
  by my own. Over the years, life crippled me to make such decisions. I learnt to
  live by diligence and consideration. I didn't mind it, after all I did choose it.
  But once again I am back at the bustling Syntagma square, waiting for the bus that
  took me what I once used to call home. I came to Athens on an exchange program and
  immediately fell in love with everything about the city. The people, the roads,
  the filth and the weather. I loved roaming around the city late at night among anonymous
  people and foreign greetings. In the six weeks I stayed, I learnt the meaning of
  love. Love for myself. That was when I started believing in fate and happiness.
  I was enchanted by Greece more than any place on earth. When I was here I was no
  longer the fantasy laden girl but someone who was living her fantasy. One night  while
  having dinner at Sabbas, a very popular Greek restaurant, I saw a man propose to
  a woman. I looked at them and thought if I was going to be ever this radiant of
  joy with someone else. My thought manifested in some hasty decisions involving passionate
  escapades with a Tunisian man whom I met at a jazz club. Terrific dancer as I recall
  the hours we tapped into each other's rhythm. There were other less significant
  people whom I don't seem to remember. Nevertheless, Greece remained the country
  where I found love for myself. The following year I truly found someone to love.
  Someone I stuck by through thick and thin. We promised to come to Greece one day
  but that never happened in the course of nineteen years of being together. And now
  when he and I have gone separate ways, I feel the same emotion as I did twenty years
  ago. Athens hasn't changed much but I sure did. I had aged to become an anxious
  person who just had enough courage to board a flight to her escape in the hope to
  find the lost love for herself. Kampani 7, the flat that housed me was available.
  I didn't do anything but lay on the bed for a week straight. Just made occasional
  trips to the supermarket opposite to the building. My mother would call to check.
  He would message to check. Funny he still cared, or so I would like to think. Secretly,
  I wished he had followed me till here to preach his undying love. Maybe the fantasy
  laden woman is still alive somewhere. On the eighth day I decided to get out, finally.
  And I did the same old thing, went out to random streets I didn't know anything
  of. Carried only twenty euros not more, in case I got mugged. And from afar I saw
  the magnificent Acropolis, lighted to define its full grandeur. The next turn I
  took was followed by faint wailing noises. The noise came out of distress and the
  maternal instinct rose quickly. Tucked in a crevice of a wall and drain was the
  most beautiful baby. And that changed my life forever.
