Title: Untoldstories Jogjakarta
DateModified: '2019-02-26'
DatePublished: '2019-02-26'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/untoldstories-jogjakarta
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Hafiz Hairullah
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'It has been so long that i wanna go to Jogjakarta, Indonesia. Eventough i live
  in the same island of java, Jakarta, but i never really go there.

  Once upon a time in 2014 my office friends offered me to go to Jogjakarta and i
  said yes!

  From Jakarta, the capital city of Indonesia, took approximately 8 hours with train
  to arrive to Jogjakarta. We went by traim at the night and then arrived at early
  morning. First time i arrived, i felt so amazed. It is a city of calm. I really
  loved it at the fisrt time i came here. One of the friends from the grup is yogyakartan.
  So, we went to his house. His name was Akbar. His family was so kind to us. Eventough
  we were just met for a while but he and his family treated us like theirs family.
  Thankyou so much for such a kind welcome.

  In the 1st day we went to the city of jogjakarta. There are so many old building
  and artistic in Jogjakarta capital city. Because of colonialism of VOC in the past,
  the style of the building was like netherland style, maybe europe style. They were
  very artistic and full of history.

  The local food was also so good and cheap. We could find many streetfood in Jogjakarta
  city and you should try to eat "Gudeg", the very popular food from Jogjakarta.

  Jogjakarta has many optional views and place to be visited. When i finished my breakfast,
  we went to Goa Pindul or Pindul Cave, located in Gunung Kidul. It was take a few
  hours to get there by car. We rent a car to get there. The road was so unusual for
  me because its like a wave but the views amazed me. The view was so natural and
  the air was so fresh. When we get there, there were so many tourists, many of them
  were locals. Because it was on the weekend and we have to be patient to swim or
  walked in the cave. They gave us a life jacket per person. When i went trough the
  cave it was so cold and dark. The views in the cave was so beautiful because there
  were many stalaktit and stalagmit and bats also!

  Aftre through the cave for some minutes we could find some cliffs in front of us
  and some visitors jumped from the cliffs! And i tried too!

  I felt so scary at the first time when i stood at the 5 meters cliff. Actually i
  was afraid of high place but i want to felt the atmosphere. I jumped but my voice
  didnot come out. Lol

  It was so fun until we reached the end. You should try it when you have time to
  visited gunung kidul.

  After that we toke some rest to try the local food. Meat ball or we usually call
  it bakso. It helped a lot when you were from the river and felt so cold beacuse
  you were totally wet.

  After that, we went home. But the journey wasnt end. Then we went to the beach.
  There were so many beach in Jogjakarta. My friend, Akbar, took us to the Baron beach
  and Parangtritis beach. When we arribed to the Baron i felt a bit scary because
  the wave was so big and it splash the water out from the rocks but i felt relaxed
  because the air was so freah and the view was amazing. Then we went to the Parangtritis
  Beach to see the sunset. It was a beautiful beach and i love it. Unfortunately,
  we arrived there late. The sunset was gone but it was still beautiful for me. I
  felt so happy and we took some photos eventough the result was blured and dark.
  After took somepictures we tried the local food. Many restaurants in Parangtritis
  beach especially for the seafood. The price was not expensive but the taste was
  good. We were so glad to visit jogjakarta. Eventough there are many places we visited
  yet but i believe that someday i would comeback again to Jogjakarta because "Jogjakarta
  is special" #JogjaIstimewa someday i will come back to Jogjakarta.'
