Title: Unusual Hainan
DateModified: '2019-02-12'
DatePublished: '2019-02-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/unusual-hainan
SetInCountry: China
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Akadil Sugirbekov
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: 'I try to travel the world often when it succeeds. Usually, my mother and I
  go to the sea, she prefers a beach holiday, so to speak, a recovery, and I prefer
  an active holiday, I like to learn and discover new things for myself: culture,
  life, sights, food, especially the mentality of the people, the surrounding nature.
  But my mother and I find a compromise, we try to combine the rest of the sea and
  excursions, and even shopping. And shopping is also an excursion ... I have seen
  many different countries, but a trip to China in Hainan in the city of Sanya surprised
  me especially.China and Kazakhstan, where I live, are neighboring countries, but
  Hainan for me was really a leap into the unknown. Everything struck me from the
  first minutes of my stay in this country, especially in Hainan. First, the people,
  the Chinese, are so different, and at the same time the same, the manner of communication,
  the style of dress, the behavior, the culture of eating, the strong, stable traditions
  strongly unite this nation. Surprised respect for older people. I was surprised
  that Chinese people of different ages are engaged in dancing, traditional types
  of Chinese gymnastics, very active and cheerful. Secondly, nature struck me extraordinarily:
  a combination of untouched virgin nature and urban Chinese culture. Everything is
  very unusual, beautiful luxurious modern and Chinese-style hotels of fancy shapes
  are located along the ocean shore ... but the ocean shores are empty, there is no
  rich infrastructure, no entertainment, no discos, only traditional Chinese music
  sounds, and in the mornings the Chinese are engaged in the park wushu and tai chi
  ... Here there is an abundance of exotic fruits and the smell of traditional Chinese
  food .... the combination of the incongruous .... Third, these are people who are
  so happy and friendly, polite and cheerful, and even their smiles become good and
  joyful . Usually, people come to Hainan for treatment, but the Chinese themselves
  can replace any treatment.The Chinese almost never swam, sat on the beach, have
  fun together and were discussing something and laughed loudly....Some brave Chinese
  swam, but not far, held all together, and held the rope from the buoy, it was fun
  to look at them... I was also struck by the endless ocean, the water in it is so
  warm, the waves are big, from early morning the ocean joyfully greets you with waves.
  The ocean is at once deep, the water is warm and inviting into the distance. You
  can spend hours in the water. The Chinese themselves come to Hainan from all over
  China to rest, some come for treatment. Among the many tourists from Russia, European
  countries, from Kazakhstan. I recently graduated from the University with a degree
  in Finance, I work, but I love to travel, to discover new things, I love to learn
  languages when I''m going to go to another country, I start to learn the language
  of this country, then get acquainted with the history and culture of this country,
  because it brings. I want to learn more and more about the world, so different and
  beautiful and bright.'
