Title: Up towards the clouds
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/up-towards-the-clouds
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Riya Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I was startled at the sight of that toy train which was supposed to take us
  uphill, "Is this even safe?", were the words that came rushing through my mouth.

  "Stop being scared and stir in the adventure that is about to begin!", exclaimed
  my sister, "do I have any other option?!" I responded.

  It was a train with three bogies of relatively small size about 7 feet in height
  with 2 seats on either side which starts from the ground base and travels up the
  hills to Matheran, a small hill station at an elevation of around 2625 feet above
  the sea level. We were given the instructions to be seated balancing the weight
  on both sides as more weight on one side could lead to a fallback down the valley
  as the tracks were very narrow with the mountain on one side and a deep valley on
  the other. It was already dripping, the season being monsoon and there was a carpet
  of lush greenery everywhere and a greyish white blanket of clouds on the sky with
  no trace of any sunlight.

  The train started and so did my worries for reaching safely to the hill station
  where we were headed to actually. After about 10 minutes we were in the hilly area.
  My sister forced me to sit with her on the side with valley view but I could not
  dare to look out of the window. After a lot of pushing from her, I gathered the
  courage to look out and the view was breathtaking. It felt like we were floating
  in the green valleys as the track on which the train moved was invisible.

  We were moving forward in our journey and came across a waterfall which was gushing
  ahead noisily, there was an iron bridge connecting the two mountains between which
  the water flushed. The flow was so rough that in spite of being at a safer distance
  from the fall some tiny water droplets made their way in the train on us.

  Enjoying the scenic beauty, now we were high enough and could literally see the
  clouds hazing our visibility. There was this chill now in the air, embracing us
  pleasantly. We had covered half an hour and 15 more minutes were left for this detour
  to come to an end but as minutes passed by, the clouds increased fainting the greenery
  and spreading the white. At the same time, I realized that the train was moving
  as slow as a snail owing to the blurriness.

  Coming to the last 5 minutes of the journey the visibility was zero and we were
  in that blanket which appeared to be unreachable a few moments back.

  There was a distinct coziness in the atmosphere and it felt like a perfect ecstasy.
  I didn''t have the slightest idea of what lay ahead in this enchanting jaunt, while
  I was nagging about it not being safe, only to realize later that proper precautions
  were taken keeping safety in the account.

  The whistle blew and the train halted, here we were now in Matheran! The station
  was a crowded place, surrounded by a local market and various hotels so here it
  was less hazy comparatively. We got down the train and started moving towards the
  hotel where we were supposed to stay for a couple of days and I was eagerly looking
  forward to exploring the place more.'
