Title: Usumacinta, Sacred Monkey river.
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/usumacinta-sacred-monkey-river
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Clare Ann Matz
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'The train slowed down with a grinding scream, metal wheels on rusty tracks,
  coming to a jolting stop in the dead of night on the outskirts of Tenosique, a village
  off the beaten track in Tabasco  Mexico. What I was doing here, I wasn''t quite
  sure, traveling with a stranger  I had met only a few days earlier in Palenque.
  Klaus was a young German who had been living in the region for several years. He
  had first appeared to me stepping out from between long jungle lianas onto the white
  stone ledge of the Agua Azul water basin, wearing nothing but a loincloth and a
  red bandanna around his head, taming his long red hair. He looked wildly handsome
  and absolutely unattainable. And yet within a few hours, he had convinced me to
  travel with him into the depths of the Sierra de Lacandon,  buy a cayuco (a  long
  canoe carved out of a single tree trunk) from the indios. The scope of this was
  to paddle 200 km. downstream the Usumacinta river and sell the cayuco in the port
  of Parque La Capechanita on the Gulf of Mexico for twice its original price. I had
  been on the road for many months and was running short of cash, so it sounded like
  a good plan to me.

  Now as I scrambled off the train dragging my few belongings (a hammock, a mosquito
  net and a small bag with a few rags) I was starting to have some doubts. But as
  the sun rose over the dusty streets of Tenosique and after having breakfast with
  hot, bitter cafe and steaming corn tamales, I was already feeling better about my
  decision.

  We set off hitching a ride to San Jose Los Rieles and then in the scorching afternoon
  heat continued to Santo Tomas where we spent the night hanging our hammocks and
  mosquito nets from the branches of tamarind trees in the yard of one of Klaus''  numerous
  friends. He was well known by the locals and appreciated his wicked sense of humor,
  most of which was lost on me because I couldn''t speak Spanish that well. The next
  morning we left at the blue hour and walked following dirt roads throughout the
  day until we reached the village of El Porvenir. With only a brief pause to drink
  a warm, fluorescent green Fanta from a tiny shack-shop we continued until we met
  the jungle which rose towering high, a wall of dense vegetation, a labyrinth broken
  by tiny paths that separated and rejoined creating a riddle I could only follow
  by complete faith in my guide Klaus. The canopy high above our heads allowed for
  only a few shafts of sunlight to filter down and illuminate the trail below our
  feet. The damp heat created an overpowering smell of decaying wilderness, and soon
  all details of leaves, vines, exotic flowers, and tree trunks soon blended into
  one extraordinary hue of nauseating green. Stumbling over the roots and rocks I
  soon had the impression we must be walking in circles, and time seemed to dilate
  transforming hours into eons, and kilometers into infinity. Bellowing, shrieking,
  hollering animal sounds burst out close and far. Terrifying, roaring spider monkeys.
  A million insects, silvery snakes, huge spiders all needed to be stepped over, ducted
  under, avoided in a dance that made walking even more exhausting, and frightening
  as the sun started to set above the arbor dome.

  When all hope was gone and every ounce of energy drained from me the jungle vanished,
  as suddenly as it had appeared, all vegetation closing behind, as my body fell exhausted
  on a sandy beach. And below...  flowing gently with the warm reflections of dusk
  the Usumacinta, the Sacred Monkey river. When I managed to adjust my eyes to the
  change of light I noticed nestled high up on the opposite shore a tiny hamlet made
  up of half a dozen bamboo huts. The indios had already recognized Klaus and were
  chanting out his name. So we had made it! I was actually going to buy my cayuco
  and paddle down the rapids facing an adventure that would change my life. But that,
  is another story...'
