Title: Visiting the Romans
DateModified: '2019-03-11'
DatePublished: '2019-03-11'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/visiting-the-romans
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: HORTENSIA UUPINDI
AuthorCountry: Namibia
Text: As the saying goes, when in Rome do as the Romans do! This was an amazing journey
  to Rome, the locals are very warm and welcoming and I could easily fit into the
  culture especially the mouthwatering pasta bolognaise and the pizza. I couldn't
  resist and this food just added more volume to my travel experience to this beautiful
  country. I have visited the beautiful and populous Colosseum, known as the Flavian
  Amphitheatre, the Roman Colosseum is one of the capital's most remarkable monuments,
  every year more than 4 million people visit it. This momentum will bring you back
  in time to discover the way of life in the Roman Empire. Another memorable place
  you wouldn't want to miss is the Trevi Fountain, one of Rome's prettiest and richest
  fountains. You are probably wondering how this fountain is rich. Well, it is believed
  that when you visit this fountain you have to throw in a coin and if you throw one
  coin into the fountain you will return to Rome.. Well I am looking forward to my
  return to Rome. I have never visited a lively City at night like Rome, there is
  always something for everyone to do at night; whether it is street dancing, dinner
  , gazing or exploring the city at night, mass, etc.. You name it,  trust me there
  is always something fun for everyone to do even at night in the City of Rome. I
  have visited other amazing places I couldn't mention in this blog but all in all
  I enjoyed every moment of the journey. Then it was time to leave this spectacular
  city and Italy bid me Farwell in one of the most remarkable ways; So I set in Ryan
  Airbus, calmly I fastened my seat belt, it was an evening flight. As we took off
  to Belgium I could see the beautiful Mediterranean sea, It was a breath taking view,
  I had never seen so much beauty all at once in my life. The sun shinning on the
  sea, giving off a golden priceless colour, the clouds showing off its blue and greyish
  natural colour and the earth just coming together as one. I could see all the beautiful
  creation below me and my master above me, I had a moment to appreciate the wonders
  of nature. This short flight from Italy to Belgium was one of my favourite highlights
  of the trip. If you are thinking of visiting Italy, think no more... Pack your bags
  and go have one of the best moments of your life.
