Title: '&quot;Viva la Vida&quot;'
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/viva-la-vida
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: "Gabriel Vald\xE9s Guzm\xE1n"
AuthorCountry: Chile
Text: 'Live life. ("Viva la Vida")


  Sometimes the people recommend taking risks in life to see what''s on the other
  side. It turns out that I decided to make a change in my life; It was an idea, a
  dream, but I did not know what, where or when ... I just set out on the adventure
  that would change my life.


  While studying to be a musician, I did not stop trying to be good and fight to win
  an exchange, until I achieved it and without imagining it I bet for Mexico.


  I came to a completely different place than I thought, but a week after arriving,
  its people, its colors, its culture, its music, made it the happiest week I could
  remember of my life until now.


  Realizing the capacity to love and give of the people of this country made me want
  to soak in this culture, so I opened my heart to "mariachi", to "tacos", the "salsa
  valentina",  the "son jarocho ",  the " mezcal ", to my beautiful Guadalajara and
  above all to its people.


  There were 7 wonderful months when I met the real Gabriel, my true self; I understood
  then who wanted to be and who did not; what kind of people wanted close to me and
  what things should I not give importance when you are surrounded by wonderful people,
  people like my friends that I made in Mexico, people who dedicated to be happy after
  arriving from work and spend the afternoon with Friends, even if it is sharing the
  simplest, it is worth it and you can enjoy it to the fullest.


  Over time, the return to my country was a terrible blow to my reality and a wound
  was left open ... as one sister I did in Mexico said: I had left part of myself
  in Mexico, and that part would always be missing and strange, and while "Chavela
  Vargas" insisted with his phrase that "One always returns to the old places where
  he loved life", they spent four and a half years until I got my courage back, I
  worked more than I could resist and I went back for a month with everything love
  and joy to my beloved Mexico, and then when I decided to tattoo something that would
  mark my love for this country, they asked me why the phrase "Viva la vida"? ...
  Then I answered: "For me, my life is complete and the I live fully when I feel close
  to Mexico or if I am in Mexico, then only there I can say "Live Life" ("Viva la
  vida") , because I feel that I can live even for a while my life the way I understood
  that I wanted to live it.'
