Title: Wake up yesterday
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/wake-up-yesterday
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Fernando Andreoni
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'The vault of the building was particularly high and painted in iridescent colors.
  Walking through the columns Max watched the light filter through the big windows,
  almost forgetting the reason of his travel. Without thinking, he took up the camera
  and started taking pictures, at first following his instinct, then focusing on the
  purpose of his journey: to find the cover image of his latest book "Without a Tomorrow",
  since none of those proposed inspired him. In that palace, built in the sandstone,
  where centuries before the natives had died in their last conscious battle and where
  he could still perceive the taste of the clash, he was sure to find an image that
  plucked their indomitable spirit. Suddenly his attention was drawn to an incision
  at the base of one of the numerous columns that supported the vault of the temple.
  He removed the viewfinder of his work tool from his eye and came closer to see better.
  The language was not so easily understood, the characters seemed to remember those
  typical of the native population. Next to the epigraph you could see engravings
  of male figures that held spears, animals and, later on, something like a hut. Max,
  overcome the astonishment of having discovered that incision, started taking a photo
  behind the other, imagining the astonishment of Laura, his traveling and life companion
  as soon as he would show them to her in the hotel. As he walked away from the column
  to continue to observe the discovery behind him, he thought he heard a noise, like
  a hiss, or perhaps a rustling sound. He started looking around and wondered if it
  was the sound of the wind coming in from one of the openings in the main wall of
  the building and, crossing the whole hall, he came out of another of the windows
  causing sudden whirlwinds, raising dust and dry leaves. But he was convinced in
  a few moments that this was not the case. The noise had been caused by something
  else, an animated being. He began to move more cautiously, wondering if there was
  someone else with him, if someone had followed him. He sat on a step of the clay
  stone altar of the many that adorned the walls of the large room and, lighting a
  cigarette, tried to look around, peering at even the most angled positions with
  the corner of his eye. He took from his pocket the notepad on which he used to write
  notes and wrote down the day and time to remember when he had discovered the engraving
  and, once again, the silence was broken by a noise. This time it seemed to him that
  he perceived more clearly as a breath, a soft and deep breath, indeed, more than
  one, and very distant from each other, as if the being that produced it had a great
  lung capacity, or was holding him back, perhaps for avoid being discovered. A drop
  of sweat fell to the floor and lifted the millennial dust that covered the stones
  of the floor. Resting his right hand on the wall he lifted himself from the ground
  and began to move cautiously, trying to decide what to do in the shortest possible
  time. Imagining being observed he quickly decided what to do, he observed the distance
  that separated him from the main entrance, knowing that, if he decided to go towards
  the exit, he would be exposed to any danger. But was it a danger? Almost automatically
  he held the camera up, brought it in front of his eyes and placed the right one
  on the viewfinder pointing it in front of him. He could not believe his eyes: a
  panther, with black and shining hair, was quietly moving in the middle of the building,
  completely uninterested in the presence of the man, to whom he gave a lightning
  but almost disinterested look. Immediately afterwards he turned and with a feline
  leap disappeared out of the building. Max, almost automatically, had taken at least
  a dozen photos. Calmly he approached the outer staircase and watched the sun set
  behind the mountain. There was no trace of the feline.'
