Title: 'Walking the streets of Padova '
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/walking-the-streets-of-padova-2
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Elene Kakhiani
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'It was summer 2018, and I was in a stuffy office of some MNE, involuntarily
  escaping the sun and handling the papers, which meant nothing. I have settled myself
  for this life for about another 12 months, considering it was a right thing to do.
  Or at least I told myself it was so. Another day being emerged in another soulless
  activity, I have received an unexpected call, which almost got me into trouble due
  to inconvenient circumstances I was in (as always!). The day has taken an unexpected
  turn when I found out that I was the holder of the scholarship I have applied several
  months ago and have lost all the hopes for winning. The life-changing events were
  awaiting me, the journey which would last for 2 years was about to start. I have
  enjoyed quitting more than I have should, walking out of the office with a smile
  on my face and full of newly gained spirit or adventure. The last remark from my
  boss was: "I wish you patience", seemed weird at that time, but so spot on after
  several months of living in Italy! Patience is indeed something I needed. Coming
  with a northern pragmatic mentality, Italy seemed to be completely unexpected and
  mind-boggling. So many things have amazed me but also frustrated (Alas!). The beauty
  of Veneto (the region I was lucky to end up in) was amazing me every day I was walking
  5 km to my University (accommodation on a budget usually comes in a package with
  long walks, not necessarily along the beach). Old building, with signs indicating
  which revolutionary scientist, philosopher or writer resided there years before,
  never stopped to spark my enthusiasm, which I had no intentions to curb. "Sorry,
  no English" was a great surprise, which nevertheless became also a great motivator
  for learning. Beautiful people everywhere have made my long walks even more pleasant.
  One of the oldest Universities in the world had taught me valuable lessons and gave
  chance to meet inspiring, daring people, who were fighting for an important cause,
  HR and progress. The libraries reminded the palace halls, made me stay there till
  its closure every time. Never ending aperitivo in the bards, on the streets, balconies
  and sunny people, always kind to help, even not being able to speak a single word
  in English, while gesticulating expressively (the stereotype is alive and well!).
  The leap into the unknown has just started, with another 2 years to go, so far so
  good, feel charmed and less pragmatic, and expressive gesturing and new discoveries
  are incorporated into my daily "to do''.'
