Title: Walk with me
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/walk-with-me
SetInCountry: India
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Vanshika Malhotra
AuthorCountry: India
Text: India is usually seen as a country where majority of section is suffering from
  poverty but that's just the forefront.  Though poverty gives birth to insecurity
  and hunger but what I didn't expect to find was people here don't let it affect
  the richest heart they have.  I travelled to a city in Uttar Pradesh state in India
  called vrindavan.  The place is a perfect example of modernisation and culture going
  hand in hand. Tha place is historically related to Lord Krishna who is incarnation
  of Lord Vishnu. There's a temple in every corner and each temple tells a story of
  Lord Krishna and his childhood known as Leela through which he tried to give important
  humanitarian lessons to the world. The streets of the city are narrow and I had
  to walk around with a bagpack but it was a bliss because there's this aroma of incense
  sticks everywhere coming out of temples and lined up sweet shops selling Indian
  traditional sweets to take as an offering to the Lord. The locals here are shy and
  conservative but very welcoming and humble to the tourists. I visited a lot of temples
  but what I didn't expect to find was that some people believe that Lord Krishna
  performs leela in these temples in present time also. I visited a temple named nidhivan
  which is beautiful and surrounded by trees and there are stories that during midnight
  hours Lord Krishna visits the place and performs dance with goddess radha and her
  sakhis and no one is ever allowed to stay there late at night because if anyone
  ever watched that dance was not able to narrate it either they were found in state
  of shock or blinded. The temple has also a place where clothes and jewelry is kept
  every night and next morning it is all scattered around the place as if someone
  has used it which further adds to the evidence. The next destination in the city
  was yamuna ghat along the bank of the river yamuna. People visit here for boating
  sightseeing and even bathing. Walking through the narrow streets we reach the centre
  of spiritual attraction the Banke Bihari mandir. The temple is the place where Lord
  Krishna is believed to be still residing in form of banke bihari. Here I saw the
  purest form of spirituality where people we're directly talking to icon as God himself
  and locals also addressed him as their own son and called him lala meaning son in
  their language. There was large crowd and chants from every corner of the temple.
  Vrindavan is not only about its locals and national tourists but there are also
  temples for international devotees named ISkcon which was formed to increase Krishna
  consciousness around the globe.Therefore Vrindavan is a vivid picture of cultural
  diversity came together to celebrate the legacy of Lord Krishna.
