Title: 'Walking the Road Less Traveled: Discovering Nassau&#39;s Unknown'
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/walking-the-road-less-traveled-discovering-nassau-s-unknown
SetInCountry: Bahamas
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Tiara Ingoglia
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: What is more exhilarating than taking a solo dive into exploring a new country
  and immersing yourself into a foreign culture? I would argue that that feeling and
  experience is truly unmatched. I was 16 years old when I traveled outside of the
  United States for the first time, embarking on a life-changing trip to Nassau, Bahamas.
  I thought that I was prepared for what was to come, as I'd done countless research
  and made mental checklists of the luxurious world that I was about to explore. Time
  slowly passed as my departure date grew near, I was ready and there was no turning
  back. I spent the first portion of my plane ride in panic, afraid of what I would
  find on the other side of the ocean. What if I ran into trouble? What if I lost
  my passport? Would locals accept my presence in their home? Millions of thoughts
  and worries saturated my mind, forcing me to endure hours of travel anxiety. Finally,
  I arrived at customs. Why would a 16-year-old girl be travelling outside of the
  country alone? I thought nothing of my singular travel until I was detained by customs
  officers and led to an isolated room to explain why I was there; They believed I
  was a runaway. "I am visiting family", I stated, "I can give you names, phone numbers
  and an address. You can call my mom as well." After nearly 6 hours of interrogation,
  international phone calls and verification of identity, I was released into the
  custody of a family friend. Despite my self-guided research and preparation, I was
  not prepared for that traumatizing experience, only grateful to have not been sent
  home. Leaving the airport, I was taken aback by the tropical beauty of the island
  that flew by as we drove home. Palm trees, crystal-clear waters that effortlessly
  reflected the sun, vibrant murals on local buildings and small stands filled with
  handcrafted goods for purchase. I was in awe, completely engulfed by the never-ending
  luxury that sat on the other side of the car window. Eventually though, that beauty
  shifted, and I was faced with the reality of life in Nassau. Exiting the city, the
  multi-story stucco houses turned to mud houses with tin roofs and the working people
  in suits turned to barefoot children with dirty clothing playing in the street.
  How were these two worlds under the same sky, on opposite sides of the same road?
  My heart exploded repeatedly in my chest. While these children had barely enough
  to survive, I noticed that they were genuinely happy. They played basketball with
  a make-shift bucket hoop and waved at us as we drove by. We finally reached home,
  and I sunk into the couch, processing the many layers of the experience I had just
  had. I wanted to be like those kids, happy and free. I vowed that I would be. I
  spent 7 more days exploring the island and all its beauty, rich culture and traditions.
  From the loud street musicians playing reggae, to the beach-goers and flavorful
  food (conch fritters was my favorite), Nassau wasn't just the poverty-stricken neighborhoods
  that we walked through. It was nightclubs holding celebrity look-alike contests,
  it was grandmas cooking Sunday dinner for their families, it was young kids caring
  for stray cats and dogs in the street and it was life outside of resort style hotels
  and cruise ships. My time in Nassau was not only humbling but shifted my perspective
  on life. If I, a 16-year-old girl, could travel to a place that we usually only
  see marketed as "remote tropical island getaway" and tell the story of what's behind
  those advertised headlines, then the opportunities to continue that journey are
  endless. Though this experience is the only international travel opportunity that
  I have had, it ingrained a desire for something more in me. If I had the opportunity
  to travel internationally again, I would like to take cultural immersion a step
  further by participating in and documenting volunteer and relief programs. I believe
  that there are many stories to be told and voices to be heard, a path of discovery
  worth following.
