Title: Wander for Peace
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/wander-for-peace
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Tejashree  Brid
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I decided to take a break from the chaotic city roads and take a short trip
  over the weekend. "Matheran" a small hill station in the outskirts of Mumbai, is
  where i find my peaceful time now after that first trip. This place has no noisy
  vehicles, no pollution but jus Nature. All vehicles are ban here apart from bicycles,
  you either take a human auto or a horseride, or just walk. The locals here are so
  down to earth, genuine and honest. There was a incident where a fellow traveller
  lost his iPhone when we were coming back from the Louisa Point, its very very rare
  that someone would return the phone to you, but as we reached the main market we
  spoke to a few locals about it and guess what a local guy comes with his iPhone.
  He said he just came back from that route with his horse and found this phone..
  This incident brings back hope in humanity and honesty. The locals here are not
  very rich but they are not dependant and honest. This place has beautiful valleys
  with waterfalls during the monsoon, when you are here you experience peace and nothing
  else. Sunday morning we decided to eat a little before we start our trip, we reached
  a small stall in the local garden, the owner of that place is a 80+ Granny, the
  smile on her face reflects her happiness and hard work of life. She was very humble
  to talk to and spoke about  her life, her daughter in law now handles the stall
  and cooks for the family and manages her 2 kids. These womens are inspiring and
  there is nothing that would erase their smile. When you look at them you won't realise
  what they go through and how they manage their daily Living. This place undoubtedly
  has beautiful nature, valleys, views but the locals here definitely win your heart.
  If you need a break, this place is a "must go".
