Title: 'Was happiness so simple all this time ? '
DateModified: '2019-03-05'
DatePublished: '2019-03-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/was-happiness-so-simple-all-this-time
SetInCountry: Great Britain
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Romane Martin
AuthorCountry: France
Text: Last year I was in London for a few months. I decided to take a break from studies
  after I gratuated, and I chose London, because it always have been kind of my beloved
  city. My story is just about friendship, love, and especially about me discovering
  a new part of the world, a new part of me. I always knew I was a bit different compare
  to my friends, I always knew I wanted to go somewhere else, to discover the world.
  At 15 years old I already wanted to run from away from my home. So as soon as I
  was 18, I directly went away, to London. It was really hard at first. I came with
  a good friend of mine, the plan was to find a job quickly and then find a house.
  But we spend our money faster than planned, and our friendship was being more and
  more damaged. Then I started to get along very well with people who was working
  with me in Camden Market. At first I met two french guys, they were doing Vegan
  Cookie Dough. They were something. Really, they trully touched my feelings. They
  are the kind of people who gives a lot, without hoping to have anything in return.
  They believe in the power of stones and cristals, they believe that humans are good.
  I wasn't like that at all at first. I knew I had it in my heart somewhere but I
  was really shy about these things. They were so free about everything, they were
  just really living for themself. It was so good to feel free. I was discovering
  myself with them. Everything seemed so simple, so light. We were painting, meditating,
  just having fun with the smallest details of life.  And then beside these two french
  guys, there was a british indian girl, indians guys, italians, romanians, spanishs
  people, and a lot of french also, who are now my friends. I discovered there that
  I was able to free myself from this judgmental society and to show my love for people,
  for my  freedom and others'. I understood that with love, understanding, consciousness,
  awareness, lightness, friendship, life could seem very less heavy to bear. I'm now
  very more mature. I can't even describe how I feel about the world. This trip is
  the better thing that happened to me. I understood a lot of things that I wasn't
  even aware of before, I'm more sensitive about the nature, about our planet which
  offers us life and much more. And the best of all is that I finally found myself.
  I'm not saying that I understood everything, but I really needed to travel and to
  open myself to figure out my goals and my motivations. I know now that I will travel
  again for sure. I need to see more. See more cultures, more landscapes. My heart
  still has some space to welcome love, kindness. I'm a little bird who needs to fly.
  London was my departure point of a very long trip. This is not ending there. Travelling
  is making me more mature, more inspired. As soon as I feel good in a place, I have
  the need to write, I need to put my feelings on papers. And London just lighted
  up the fire. So thank you my dear friends who are still in London. I'm still visiting
  them, I know for sure that a part of me will for ever belong to London. I can't
  really explain, it's just a tiny feeling which I'm keeping carefully in my secret
  garden. I'm binded to London now. People told me I was lucky to do this experience,
  I just want to tell them how wrong they are, it wasn't luck, it was just a bit of
  courage and passion, I jumped on the occasion, I decided to take the shot and try.
  And I'll be for ever thankful to myself and to the magical power of travelling.
