Title: Ways to fall in love
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/ways-to-fall-in-love
SetInCountry: Chile
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Camila Leiva
AuthorCountry: Chile
Text: 'People regularly said that falling in love is the most magical thing that wil
  ever happen to you, but guess what? I was 19 years old and I was never fall in love
  before.

  My mom used to tell me that love was something so special, so pure, so divine, so
  incredible that I was almost scare waiting to the oportunity to falling in love.

  I met this guy once at the subway, I thought he might be the one so I am going to
  be near to him to feel the magical connection that my mom told me, but nothing happened,
  i was so frustrated that I thought that maybe love was not for me.

  I thought that I would never falling in love, that I was some type of creature who
  could not feel love even when I was searching for it, but let me tell you something,
  I was so wrong about it, because in the precise moment that I stopped searching
  for love, it happened.

  I decided to travel by myself, to write poems but instead I started to write love
  letters even when I was not in love.

  The love letters were all that I could think about it, all day, everyday, I wanna
  tell the word that love was so wanderful and meaningful and amazing, so pure and
  energetic... but wait a minute, how Am I writing love letters if I am not in love?
  And the answer came and it was so easy!! I was and I am in love with the idea of
  travel and every time I travel the words start to flow on the paper and I just want
  to write and explaing the world how it is to be in love, to see the nature, to be
  in a new place, to understand the planet that we live, that everything is so connected
  that every step is going to the right direction believe it or not.

  Now I now that I am in love since long time ago, and I was searching for people
  to understand that, when the truth was in front of me, I am love, I am my poetry
  with no need of other people, just nature, landscapes and miracles like watch for
  the first time that building or that red sky that reminds you of the simplicity
  and beauty of earth.

  I do not want to find love anymore, I am in love right now, with my journeys and
  the way they make me feel and give me the emotions to write and understand the magical
  places and landscapes.

  I am in love and I am love.'
