Title: We&#39;re Not in Kansas Anymore
DateModified: '2019-02-27'
DatePublished: '2019-02-27'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/we-re-not-in-kansas-anymore
SetInCountry: Mali
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Diane Pawloski
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Lisa and I meet Moussa at the bus station; our bus for Koutiala departs when
  enough tickets are purchased. Moussa insists we sit in the back, "It is the safest
  place if the bus crashes." A small window in the rear and a rooftop porthole provide
  minimal air. As the cramped seats fill, aisle seats flip down. We are now five across;
  there is no way out.


  The Sahel blazes outside our window, a sepia world punctuated by occasional bursts
  of dusty green. Termite mounds, like malformed toadstools, create mini moonscapes.
  The mounds are a modern-day prospector''s tool; geologists dig into them, examining
  their contents for gold.


  Outside Bamako, the bus clumps over a speed bump and stops; instantly swarms of
  children appear shouting, "Bananas, muffins, drinks!" Passengers call out orders,
  tossing food and CFA''s back and forth. The scene repeats itself at each of the
  numerous toll stops that interrupt our journey.


  At Segou we stop for lunch. Moussa hands me a woven fan, "It will help on the bus."
  A beggar appears behind me, I hand him a coin, a blessing for us both. A cluster
  of women full of noisy curiosity approach to examine Lisa''s sunburned shoulders.
  "What is wrong with your skin, do you have a disease?" Lisa smiles and explains,
  "The sun sometimes burns and peels toubab skin."


  Leaving Segou, baobab trees dot the landscape, a testament to survival and a symbol
  of the African continent. Every part of the long-lived baobab is useful; the fibrous
  bark for clothes and rope, the leaves, rich in vitamin C and beta carotene, and
  the fruit, called monkey bread, the Imodium of Africa.


  Our bus pulls to the side of the road. It is Asr, afternoon prayer time. A few men
  depart the bus with their prayer rugs, others wander off into the bushes for more
  earthly needs. Near Koutiala a billboard appears advertising Marlborough Country.
  Finally, nearly eight hours later, our five-hour journey ends as dusk envelops the
  town.


  Entering the Protestant mission we''ll call home for the next few days, like Dorothy,
  we are suddenly back in Kansas. "Welcome friends" wallpaper and Priscilla curtains
  are incongruous reminders of home. Norman Rockwell prints, baskets and even a country
  goose transport us out of Africa. Moussa will stay with friends. His Muslim prayers
  feel out of place in this Christian home; besides, he can''t smoke here.


  Rain threatens this morning as we explore Koutiala, the sky suddenly lets loose.
  The street becomes a river, everyone struggles to find shelter. Donkey carts, overburdened
  with rain-soaked families slog their way through the streets. Moussa leads us to
  a nearby home; an elderly man by the doorway observes us with interest. Turkeys
  peck at the ground in the side yard, two small boys kneel, sharing a lunch. Moussa
  enters the house, "Moussa, we can''t just walk in!" He is puzzled, "We need shelter
  and this man has it to share."


  On our last night in Koutiala we buy tomato sauce for spaghetti but it explodes
  on opening. Becky, a Peace Corps volunteer, drops by, "Do you want to go with us
  to the bean lady?" The streets of Koutiala are impossibly dark; we hear movement
  and voices, there is life all around us. Above the stars shine brilliant, breathtaking
  beacons in an ebony world. The bean lady has whatever we desire, smothered in grease.


  On our return to Bamako another Sumatra bus attempts to overtake us; the two buses
  race down the narrow highway. A van appears from the opposite direction, our bus
  erupts in fearful screams. The van moves to the shoulder and at the last second
  the other bus pulls behind in temporary defeat. Our driver explains, "The driver
  is angry, I took over his route." His rival continues to harass until we reach a
  toll station. Both drivers leap from the bus, yelling and throwing punches. A crowd
  gathers until the two men are separated and escorted to the guard post for a discussion.
  An hour later, they return laughing and joking but their eyes and body language
  tell a different story. The two begrudgingly shake hands and we continue on without
  incident.'
