Title: WELCOME TO THE USA.
DateModified: '2019-02-05'
DatePublished: '2019-02-05'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/welcome-to-the-usa
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Chimezie Okonkwo
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'In 2008 I was preparing for an adventure of  lifetime. I was going to the USA
  for three months on a J1 visa with only $100 in my pocket. I left from London Heathrow
  Airport and arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport on 31 May 2008. I knew
  I didn''t have enough money for my flight from Newark Liberty to Rhinelander Airport
  in Wisconsin, yet I dared to leave London.


  I had come to America for a Camp America Student Exchange Programme. It was my first
  time in the USA and arriving at the airport the Came America team were available
  to lead us out of the airport into a waiting van that drove us to our hotel in New
  Jersey for our first night. However I was already battling the mental dilemma of
  how to get to Rhinelander and then to Eagle River Wisconsin where I was going to
  be spending the next three months of my life at.


  Whilst at the hotel in New Jersey, we got checked in and just after 1am in the morning
  we got a knock on our door in our shared hotel room. I ran to the door and it was
  a Camp America staff who had come to tell us that they had already paid for our
  flight tickets to our final destinations, meanwhile this development wasn''t in
  the original plans. So we only had to go downstairs to a hall in the hotel, give
  them our personal details and they would hand us our flight tickets. This sounded
  so surreal, but I jumped right in and went straight downstairs and did what we were
  instructed to do, and we had our flight tickets in our hands.


  As early as 5am the coach was ready to drive us back to the airport and we only
  had to pay the coach fare of $15. Within a couple of hours I was on my flight to
  Rhinelander, from where I was picked up by my camp team. My camp was Camp Ojibwa
  in Eagle River Wisconsin.


  By the time I arrived for camp I still had $85 left from my $100. My risk had paid
  off and somehow I never lacked any money I needed in camp. At the end of my three
  months adventure, we were driven to Chicago where I caught a flight to Houston Texas
  to meet my big brother. By the end of my pilgrimage in the USA, I had seen 6 states
  before heading back home to London Town.'
