Title: Went as a worker, came back as a tourist
DateModified: '2019-02-20'
DatePublished: '2019-02-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/went-as-a-worker-came-back-as-a-tourist
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Valeria Montagut
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'Last year a teammate left the company so I was assigned to a project that required
  to travel. A few weeks later, I found out that the destination was Madrid! So last
  July, my boss and I took a plane over there. I couldn''t believe I was going to
  Spain! So, we spent 3 days shared with our client, where we went out for dinner
  and knew some pubs so taste spanish beer. Also, we had 2 free days, in which we
  visited the royal palace and the cathedral. Also, Retiro park and did an amazing
  walking tour at night. After 5 days in Madrid, we took a plane to Barcelona. Beautiful
  city with art and history all over the place! We went to Montjuic and made a walking
  tour through gothic neighborhood. The day after, we visited the most amaizing thing
  i have ever seen: the holy family church. It was perfect! Every single little detail
  from the inside to the outside.

  That night we took a plane to Paris, where we spent the next 2 days. We arrived
  so late that the only place available for dinner was a McDonald''s! We visited the
  eiffel tower, of course! And walked along the Sena river. Champs Elysees was beautiful,
  and also the Louvre Museum (from the outside, at least). Notre dame cathedral was
  incredible aswell. On our last afternoon, we decided to take a break so we had a
  picnic (based on cheese, chips and beer) on Sena river and saw the sunset. That
  night we took a bus to our last destination: Amsterdam. It was awesome seeing all
  the people using bikes as daily vehicle. We visited the museum Square and red neighborhood,
  also Anna Frank''s house. After two days walking around Amsterdam, our trip finally
  came to an end. We took our last plane. The one that brought us back home.'
