Title: What&#39;s Important Until it Isn&#39;t.
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/what-s-important-until-it-isn-t
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: sherri lynn
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: What does Hawaii have to do with Vermont?  Well, let me tell you.  24 hours
  ago I was on vacation.  The first time ever being to Hawaii, crossing off a bucket
  list, this is sooo important kind of a trip.  The Waikiki air was balmy, sometimes
  drenching and sea scented. I was just starting to get tan lines on my adorably manicured
  bare toes from my very broken in Sperry flip flops. I still can not refer to them
  in the local vernacular, as "slippas".  My old friends make distinctly flippity
  floppity sounds when I walk. Then I got the call. You know the one that turnes your
  heart to stone and freezes your chest in a vice. You better come home.  Your mom
  is having a medical emergency. In the still quiet, early morning darkness of the
  hotel room manic online artificially lit searches are made. Three flights will get
  me close. A rental car will get me the rest of the way.  OK.  A GPS guided race
  to Honolulu Airport deposits me at the single, strangled security checkpoint for
  the whole place bringing me to a dead stop. NO, don't say dead! Not dead, please.  The
  first flight was a bucking bronco ride all the way courtesy of a cold front slamming
  into the Pacific warm zone.  I spent it mostly in turbulence, tears and desperate
  hope curled against a window.  The icy blast in the jet way of Portland International
  made it shockingly clear I was not in tropical paradise anymore.  The leg to Atlanta,
  Georgia was just that a long haul. Fear had given way to strategizing, what do I
  know? what don't I know?  and bargaining.  Until exhaustion shut me down.  Touchdown
  and a sprint. I have fifty-three minutes.  Why are concourses so unbelievably long?!
  Who's idea was it to cram a train/tram whatever, into the travelling equation?!  I
  bagged some food for my roaring stomach and boarded the flight to Hartford, Connecticut
  second to last with my adrenaline maxed out.  We bounced around the Winter storm
  clouds preparing me for the two hour drive up the snow packed I91 with traffic to
  choke a horse and my frayed nerves.  After eighteen hours of flying just get me
  to a two hundred year old farmhouse with woodstoves for heat and most likely, chaos
  or it's twin, catatonic state reigning over my Uncle, the dog and the farm in my
  mom's absence.  I have to say my apologies now, for being frustrated upon arrival
  at the familiar weathered, hunter green front door and getting no help in.  They
  needed me more than I knew.  The kid came home. Everything was going to be OK.  I
  got to work. Talk. Clean. Cook.  My mom walked back in that same door I crossed
  an hour ago.  I wrapped my arms around her and I haven't let go...yet.  Hawaii is
  still there and more importantly so is my mom.
