Title: When you can&#39;t go to France, go to Pondy
DateModified: '2019-03-01'
DatePublished: '2019-03-01'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-you-can-t-go-to-france-go-to-pondy
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Varsha Rani
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It took a lot of convincing to take my boyfriend for a weekend trip to Pondicherry
  but finally he agreed. So we took a bus from Bangalore at 10:30 p.m and reached
  Pondy at 5:00 a.m (The bus was an hour earlier than the scheduled time). We had
  three hours in hand as we were supposed to check in at 8. So we walked to the Rock
  beach and it felt so good walking at 5 on the roads of Pondy. The city actually
  never sleeps and for a not so morning person like me, witnessing the sunrise at
  beach was a blessing. We sat there for one and half hours and then we decided to
  call Natesa (whose homestay we had booked) and he turned out to be a very sweet
  guy and allowed us to check in a bit early. We walked back to the place as it was
  hardly 2 kilometers and for the first time I was happily walking on the streets
  which I don't prefer generally. The place was a neat and tidy one bhk with all the
  modern amenities and a calm environment. We freshened up, rented a scooty, had breakfast
  and headed towards Auroville which was half an hour ride from the city. The village
  has so calm and peaceful atmosphere that it made me forget all my problems for few
  minutes. Located in a centre of the Auroville is the Matrimandir, which is also
  called soul of the city and there is a view point south of the dome from where tourists
  can see the large golden sphere. We spent some half an hour there and then headed
  back to Pondy. On our way back home, we visited serenity beach and came to our homestay
  for lunch. After resting for an hour or two, we went to Shri Aurobindo Ashram and
  from there we roamed in the entire city seeing beaches, cathedrals and museums.
  When we were done supposedly, we came back to Promenade and had amazing food at
  Dilliwalas. After that we sat on the beach for three hours looking at the waves
  roaring back and forth the stones. Sometimes you don't need words to convey the
  message to your loved ones, the nature does that for you. Those three hours with
  him felt like heaven for me and made me realize how much I love him. There was a
  family sitting close to us and they were singing and dancing throughout which made
  me watch them all the time. We finally got up and headed back to our place. We got
  some pizza and shwarma parceled for our dinner, returned the scooty and walked back.
  I had a sound sleep that night after so long which you don't normally get amidst
  your busy corporate life. Sleeping in his arms, away from the rush of the city meant
  everything for me. We woke up a little late, had our breakfast and checked out at
  12 as we had out bus at 1:00 for Bangalore. We decided to walk back to the bus station
  instead of taking a cab. Reason being me wanted to spend as much time as I can with
  him as I was moving to some other city after a week. After a journey of 7 hours
  during which he slept most of the time, we reached Bangalore. I am a solo traveller
  most of the time but for the first time, a company seemed amazing.
