Title: When nowhere with you is better than somewhere alone.
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-nowhere-with-you-is-better-than-somewhere-alone
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Adrian Karin Cahun Ochoa
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: A few months ago I returned to my grandmother's small community, she never told
  me the name of her community when I was younger, she simply called her "home" and
  I used to call it "Nowhere" because I did not know the name of the place, she told
  my parents not to told me the name, she wanted me to discover it on my own. She
  died when I was 8 years old but I still remember her and all the moments that I
  lived in that place when I was little. A few months ago my family and I returned
  to that community, we visited our grandmother's house and everyone in the family
  remembered her and all the family members who left. I stopped for a moment and went
  out to see what was happening outside the house, I went to the white church and
  the park, there, I played with the children of the community. They were happy, their
  mothers smiled at seeing them play and they spoke in Maya language among them. The
  atmosphere was very happy and nothing could stop that feeling, that's how I felt
  when I played in the same park and saw my grandmother smile and talk in Maya language
  with her friends. This place has not changed much, white and red small houses, dirt
  and wine colored streets. The church and the park are still in the same place and
  the community is still the size of 2 blocks from the city. It is a very small but
  cheerful place. There is no internet and that forces you to have contact with the
  other people there, they are all very kind and respectful, I had not realized this,
  as a child I only cared to play but as I grew up, I thought of other things, I thought
  about the people, their needs, the families, their jobs, the tradition and culture
  of my city. For 2 hours I felt the nature, I felt that the trees were talking and
  I saw blue clear skies. I was at a place in which children were running without
  fear, a place where all lives matter. I think that the greatest thing about traveling
  is living this kind of things and getting touch by the culture. I had to leave and
  I went home again. I came back to the noisy city in which everything needs to be
  fast and everyone is tired and worry about everything. I started thinking that maybe
  that's why we all go to the beaches or some natural places on vacations. We need
  to feel the connection with nature, we need to get out of the noisy structures and
  we need to feel like we are part of the world just as the people in the community
  feel. "Ich Ek" will always live in my mind because that place represents peace to
  me. I will always come back there to sit at the chair at my grandmother's house.
  I will always think of her, my family, friends, and people who are looking for peace
  of mind. I will always try to reach and take that peace to other places. Now, "Nowhere"
  is not "Ich Ek", nowhere is everywhere and I will always believe that nowhere with
  someone else is better than somewhere alone.
