Title: When travel is not just a travel....
DateModified: '2019-03-03'
DatePublished: '2019-03-03'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-travel-is-not-just-a-travel
SetInCountry: India
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Kumar Anand
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'India Manali 7:00 am.Chilling weather & freezing wind.July Month.

  2 days ago I thought to reback myself I should do something crazy.I found no one
  to accompany me. So I thought to be a backpacker somewhere.

  I was in Delhi I reached here by bus in 9 hours.

  All kinds of budgeted hotels are available to check-in but since I was alone I used
  hostel world and searched a backpacking community.

  Well here are many visiting locations .Primary among those are Hidimba temple,Kullu
  Monasteries,Madhi(snow point), Rohtang Valley , Solang Nalla and many temples.

  But we were here for adventure not just visiting.

  So we enrolled in Atal Bihari Mountaineering Institute for a mountaineering trip
  .

  The trip is way beyond your imagination.

  You can select the choice of your course like skiing, paragliding or adventure courses.

  I selected the basic adventure.

  Yeah,got new friends as well.

  For 15 days our discipline was important.Food was good .

  I scaled most of the mountains by walking and trekking .

  The most amazing part was camping under " Beas Kund " a waterfall from where River
  Beas originates .

  Man ,you would love to do this for sure.

  The problem with travel operators is that they won''t provide such luxuries of Advent.

  I also did rappling (getting down the mountains through rope) ,rock climbing ,river
  crossing and safety measures .

  You should have 4 questions before selection of a trip :

  1)What do u want in the trip ?

  2)how much budget you have ?

  3) Do u want to do something new or just see the locations?

  4) what life do u think it could be there ?

  Well,

  I was sure I wanted adventure and see on myself what I am actually capable of.

  I never knew I am a champion adventurer.

  I won best students prize from the institution.

  This is all about how do you acclimatize with a place and if you are actually enjoying
  or not .

  People here are familiar with Hindi & English .U can do shopping at Mall road and
  spend your evening.

  You can also go kakaying & river rafting but we ensure u hv enough money as cash
  as sometimes atm may not support you.

  But just don''t go on blowing your money in the air u can save here by bargains
  and not trusting anyone blindly.

  Now my tour is over ,but my anxiety is not .This is the tour that excites you the
  most.

  I have a lot to write & Say leaving it meanwhile ........'
