Title: 'When you least expect it. '
DateModified: '2019-03-12'
DatePublished: '2019-03-12'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-you-least-expect-it
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Guillermo Morales
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: This may not be a story about a charming and exotic destination, but is definitely
  a story about how my life changed. I'm a regular guy from Mexico. About three years
  ago, I was working on an architecture firm, good job, well paid, good perks, but
  I was so bored with my repetitious life that on the winter of 2015 I quit my job,
  sold my car, and decided to move to Los Angeles, CA. I chose that city because I
  have family there, so it wasn't such a bold move, but I was expecting everything
  except what I found. I was excited for the adventure, all the food, finding a new
  job, so I bought my airplane ticket and left. It was very difficult starting the
  job hunt, being an architect is not easy to have a foreign firm trust your skills
  and that you're able to deliver. I kept trying and trying, going to interviews and
  meeting a lot of people that helped me in the way, until eventually I found a lady
  with an Interioir Design firm that was willing to give me an opportunity. That was
  it! What I was looking for. So, I went to Mexico, got my working visa, and went
  back with all my things and ready to give it all. Something that I wasn't expecting,
  and that I wasn't ready for is what this lady was about to make me go through. Of
  course I was expecting hard work, I was ready to go all the way to deliver something
  great, but the problem wasn't the amount of work that was expected from me, but
  the way she treated me. While this story is not about the hateful ways of this lady,
  I will say that that's the main reason why I decided to quit that job. So there
  I was, at point zero again. What was I supposed to do now? I called my cousin and
  my aunt and asked if I could stay with them for a few days, so I went to Orange
  County and started thinking about my options. I started helping them with their
  job, taking care of my nephews, and before I realized, I was part of the routine,
  part of the family. I clicked with my cousin since day one, because we both like
  the same video games, and while I had a polite relationship with my cousin before,
  a great friendship started to grow when I least expected. I discovered that I had
  so much in common with a part of my family that I barely talked to until then. Now
  we travel together, I am teaching my nephew Spanish, and he says that I'm his best
  friend. My heart couldn't be happier. I eventually got an Online English Teacher
  job, so I moved back to Mexico. I'm starting a travel blog and I have some other
  projects about to start, but what I got out of that experience, more than the food,
  the adventure and all that, is my second home, my "happy place" where I go back
  as much as I can. I never expected to find that connection, but I'm so happy I did.
