Title: When Fear Turns Into An Excitement To Explore The Unknown
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-fear-turns-into-an-excitement-to-explore-the-unknown-3
SetInCountry: Saudi Arabia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jeffrey Dsilva
AuthorCountry: Saudi Arabia
Text: 'Much had been said and written about Saudi Arabia in my growing years and when
  I finally boarded that plane en-route Riyadh from Mumbai, my fears and inhibitions
  only made my heart race faster for what was in store for me as the flight got me
  closer to my destination. Upon landing at Riyadh airport, I was faced with the age
  old dilemma of every traveler - Language; for the only words I knew in Arabic were
  Shawarma, Falafel and Hummous. My initial days in Riyadh were spent communicating
  in sign languages be it with my Yemeni driver, the restaurant staff or the guy working
  at the local provision store. But as the days went by, I found myself having learnt
  up a few slangs and jargons for my day to day use which was quiet essential for
  my survival for I discovered few words which meant the same in my native Hindi,
  making the learning process a whole lot easier.


  But what would be the highlight of my stay in this alien country - the diverse expanse
  of cultural amalgamation found in every place you go, for this is a country that
  is a confluence of a large expatriate workforce. While you may read in the news
  that India and Pakistan are up in arms, ready to venture out into battle, you would
  find something as astounding as people from both these countries sitting at the
  same table and sharing a meal in a restaurant. While all that''s said and written
  before may not be true, the journey of exploring this culture with a thousand year
  old history exposes you with a thirst to inquire about the unknown, and there can
  never be an end to it. The experience of sitting on the golden sands in the middle
  of the desert, sipping tea and listening to old bedouin men narrating tales of glory
  about their forefathers while the cold winter air is soaked with the aroma of meat
  that''s slowly cooking on coal, takes you back in time itself just like in the movie
  Lawrence of Arabia.


  While the journey so far has been exhilarating to the extent that everyday promises
  an encounter with someone from an unknown walk of life who''s culture could influence
  me and broaden my expanse of the road less traveled. And that is the perks of leaving
  home and working in a foreign land.'
