Title: When heaven and earth come together
DateModified: '2019-03-14'
DatePublished: '2019-03-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-heaven-and-earth-come-together
SetInCountry: Bolivia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Elizabeth Astete Arce
AuthorCountry: Bolivia
Text: 'There is a place where the sky and the earth come together, where the mountains
  guide us and the horizon smiles. There is a place where the sky and the earth are
  confused, where the water is our desert and the clouds accompany us. Where our reflection
  does not leave us, where the sunset does not go away and the wind covers us.

  It was seconds of decision to be able to take a leap into the unknown without previous
  planning and we headed towards an eccentric place, what will it be like? I asked
  myself, because in a few hours I would reach the largest salt desert in the world.Before
  arriving we went through small towns where they made different salt crafts and could
  not miss the Andean touch where they offered coats made of alpaca wool, knowing
  that we would face 3600 meters above sea level and the icy weather would be our
  company. To combat altitude sickness as Bolivians usually offer the coca leaf, this
  time it was our recommendation to foreigners who were on the same bus and is that
  initially I felt a touch of traveler because I would share a trip with a group of
  people of different nationalities and I think that it is like a fortune for all
  travelers, to share cultures.

  We arrived ! We announced our guide who was also our GPS and driver, how exciting
  to take the first step, as well as a heroine with his feet off the bus, exploring
  the largest salt desert in the world that also contained one of the largest reserves
  of lithium. As I walked a little more, I found a square with flags where people
  left their names inscribed and when they climbed to the top of the island known
  as the island of fish, they observed the immensity of that wonder. We went a little
  further, they seemed different places, but in same salt, it was January, a month
  of rain, the salt desert was dressed on the floor by water, without thinking we
  took our stockings and paths over the sky, the reflection of the sky on the floor
  we were walking, we walked with confusion and surprised At that moment I forgot
  everything and looking towards the floor I was just looking for clouds and when
  I looked at the sky I realized that the sun was with me and when looking around
  the mountains protected me.

  There is such a sweet place in the salty desert where the sky chases us and the
  lost is present, there is a place where the pain disappears and the adventures remain
  where the unknown makes us smile.'
