Title: When Money Does Not Speak Anymore
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-money-does-not-speak-anymore
SetInCountry: Brunei
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: REJA REJA
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'If you would love to see heaven on earth, you should have known where peace
  lies on earth. If you would know where earth on heaven is, then you should have
  known where money does not speak anymore. Earth on heaven is the literal position
  where if you''d fall, you''d still fall among the heaven itself. That is Brunei
  Darussalam.


  A land of peace of Brunei brings smile to anybody who visits. When visiting Brunei
  for the first time, we were previously forced to believe how wealthiness pictures
  the country as a whole. As a common citizen of the world, wealthiness is always
  associated with money, but in fact, it does not picture Brunei. The Sultan (King
  of Brunei) knows how to pamper the world without charging any single amount.


  Some of us might ask, what is Brunei? Why is Brunei?. These questions are only for
  those who have never seen perfection with taste. Brunei smiles, everyone smiles
  without even asking something in return. This is a "dream" for those who have travelled
  to many countries on earth. Travellers'' first footsteps above earth on heaven were
  greeted with sweet smiles from the airport guards. The airport is the main gateway
  to feeling perfect with meaning. The magnificent design of the small airport of
  Brunei International Airport reminded travellers of the beautiful and cool atmosphere
  of Doha Airport, Qatar. People are easily made feel amazed and surprised by the
  Brunei airport, which was reportedly as newly-enhanced airport in 2017.


  Brunei provides everything in public for free to enjoy. The imperfect stigma about
  Brunei at a glance now changed after travellers have visited. Brunei makes travellers
  see and feel the magestic of the world by creating facilities similar to those.
  Seeing the Omar mosque building reminds those who have travelled to Taj Mahal in
  India. Mosques in Brunei are the best in the world. They are magnificent, cool,
  undeniable perfectly-established, Islamic nuance, full of peace and love, smells
  fragrant as it brought us feel earth on heaven.


  Exploring surrounded area could be another way of enjoying trip to Brunei. Everything
  feels prosper. Starting from the no traffic jam road makes the heart calm, the breeze
  sways as if it were singing with smiles, not forgetting to take a look at the public
  toilet as a small picture to see reality in Brunei how both local and immigrant
  people are maintaining public facilities. Everything is almost perfect, guaranteed
  to be clean, neat, and decent.


  This country provides the travellers lovely open spaces, gardens that are being
  pictured as the heaven on earth have no longer been as it is, it is now an earth
  on heaven. Taman Mahkota Jubli Emas (literally translated in English as Eco-Corridor
  Golden Jubilee of His Majesty Park), this riverfront corniche of Brunei provides
  ample space for people to stroll, jog or simply enjoy the view of Kampung Ayer (largest
  floating village) from the mainland. Built and opened in time to celebrate the golden
  jubilee of His Majesty the Sultan of Brunei, this attraction shows travellers how
  to live happily like locals without having to pay for happiness on earth.


  The country might not promote how beautiful it is, but as believers'' faith tells,
  we are creating our own way to find our heaven without even God verbally saying
  it. It happens to Brunei, it does not even tell, it provides, it does not show off,
  it still provides. The country and the people work together how to simply show humbleness
  and smiles can be powerful tools to invite travellers from all over the world and
  to find their meaningful earth on heaven.


  Brunei Darrusalam, When smiles have no longer charged you with any amounts. What
  remains is their wealthiness which brings joy to all people.'
