Title: When God Called This Crystal Clear Paradise as Maldives
DateModified: '2019-02-28'
DatePublished: '2019-02-28'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/when-god-called-this-crystal-clear-paradise-as-maldives
SetInCountry: Maldives
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Bima Adhitya
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'When I heard a word called Maldives back in 1998 I never think that I''m gonna
  visit it for the first time in 2014 but this is what I called as a momentum!


  If you expecting a crystal clear beach where thousand of people coming in -including
  world VIP celebrities for sure than you can put Maldives on your bucket travel lists.
  I''m not going to tell you that visiting Maldives is cheap but here you will get
  for what you pay. Some travelers used to visit Maldives and stay in an airport nearby
  island but others made some differences by staying in a 5 star luxury resort where
  you need to take a double propeller seaplane or even a combining between domestic
  flight and speedboat just like what I did.


  Surely I could tell you that you don''t need to bring your hundred of dollars high-end
  leather shoes cause walking into the beach in a bare foot is the best thing that
  you must do. Maldives''s geographic condition is unique but because of it than you
  can walk down to the sea with only 30 - 50 cm water deep and yes you could meet
  your tiny and cute friend, the Nemo fish under your foot.


  If you browse about visiting Maldives information than you will see some special
  regulation related to resort check in, if your plane landed after 4pm in Velana
  International Airport (formerly known as Ibrahim Naser Int. Airport) than some resort
  wouldn''t allow you to cross the ocean and check in your self cause big storm used
  to be coming in. But the best thing of this regulation is you have to take a 1 night
  transit in Male City where you can meet all the awesome Maldivian people, eat some
  tasty Chicken Biryani rice, and get some cold Rosella drink in your nearby cheap
  restaurant.


  Never ever think that you going to walk to Male City following step out from the
  airport terminal building, trust me cause I think the same way just like you but
  50 meters from the exit gate of your airport terminal building is an ocean. So rather
  than get wet than you can take a traditional Maldivian boat known as Dhoni for just
  10 Rufiyaa and you will landed in a nice Maldive''s capitol city called Male City.


  Be aware when you wanna cross the street cause some of traffic light in Male City
  doesn''t work and you still hear the scooter horn for beep...beep many times cause
  the Maldivian wanna passing by right in front of you, they are so nice actually
  but sometimes they are so hurry in an office hour so they don''t stop. When you
  got everything that you need for transit than get back to your hotel and take a
  good rest cause tomorrow you will see the real God''s paradise that will blown your
  mind!


  For me, God made this country with so much love that he had so everyone in this
  planet could stay for couple nights and enjoying their unforgettable day in crystal
  clear beach called Maldives. Now is your turn, set your journey to Maldives immediately
  and see this paradise right with your eyes and heart.'
