Title: Where the desert meets the sea
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/where-the-desert-meets-the-sea
SetInCountry: Qatar
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Helena Ibro
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'We have all been enchanted by the tales of "One Thousand and One Nights" or
  "Aladdin" which take us through to a journey cross the Arabian countries and their
  unique cities. When traveling to Australia from Europe, it is inevitable not to
  pass through them and so the best way to make the most out of my long flight this
  time was to explore the young and unknown city of Doha. A city that has bloomed
  within the last decade but has also embraced its unique culture and history, or
  at least that''s what my cab driver told me. He was a middle aged man from Bangladesh
  who had lived there for now more than 13 years and has started his own tourist guide
  business with his younger brother. Faiz was the first person i met when i stepped
  out of the airport and turned out to be the only cab driver i would need during
  my stay. After a quick stop at the hotel to change, the first thing i wanted to
  do was visit the famous middle eastern deserts, a landscape never encountered by
  me before. As soon as the ride started Faiz turned into a full mode tour guide.
  He would describe every location as to how it had been when he first came to Doha
  and state how clearly this capital had grown during the last decade. The country
  was excited to host the 2022 World Cup so it had sped up its development even more
  now. As we approached the sand dunes and left the city behind, Faiz would often
  point out the majestic Arabian horses that were ridden by locals close to these
  big camping sites that he told me the locals would use during the weekend in order
  to really connect with their ancestors culture, by living like they did ages ago.
  When we reached the sand dunes he took me to the camels where an old men, whom i
  don''t remember the name unfortunately, helped me get on one of the camels and accompanied
  me as we walked through the desert. The experience alone was indescribable but as
  we were walking through the desert i noticed we were going towards the sea. "There''s
  a sea in the desert?!" i said out loud without realizing. The old men chuckled,
  he looked at me and said: "Yes, that is where our desert meets the sea." I looked
  at him surprised and continued to take in my surroundings, trying to hold on to
  that moment as long as i could when he continued: "You know my family came here
  on a boat through that sea all the way from Iran when i was only 6 years old, but
  i can still remember every detail of that journey." I encouraged him to tell me
  more about his life, if the camels all belonged to his family and how long has he
  helped travelers like me walk through the desert on his camels. Maybe his English
  wasn''t that good cause all he told me was "it''s been too long", but then again
  i could tell he was lost in his own memories while pulling the camel to go further.
  We stopped at the beach for me to take pictures and take in the view. It was so
  peaceful and quite that i almost didn''t want to leave, but as we started to head
  back, we both glimpsed back towards the sea one more time before it disappeared
  in between the sand dunes. I thanked the old man as he helped my down the camel
  and then joined Faiz at the car and drove off back to the hotel. Although the rest
  of my stay was splendid, i had one moment imprinted in my mind while the plane took
  off and i took a good look at Doha one more time. The old man, the camel and the
  place where the deserts meets the sea.'
