Title: Where the Wild Things Grow
DateModified: '2019-02-18'
DatePublished: '2019-02-18'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/where-the-wild-things-grow
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Darla Wesolek
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: This story is a bit of "A leap into the unknown" and "Making a local connection".
  My favorite story of my travels originates around the time I was 18 years old. Some
  friends and I hopped into the car to head out somewhere at the drop of a hat, as
  we often did. We were on our way to the city of Dallas from a lowly suburb to see
  bright lights and mingle among crowds gathered to dance in loud music. We became
  so enthralled in our excitement with conversation that we missed our exit. Once
  we had realized, we stopped at a rest station and decided "Why not keep on going?".
  So we did all the way to New Orleans with nothing but the clothes on our backs and
  only enough for one night of partying in the city. My very best friend calmed all
  of our worries when we began to wonder what we would do or how we would get back
  home. Instead he made an instant connection with a local by the name of Eric as
  we walked down the street discussing our woes. Eric overheard our conversations
  and piped in asking where we were from and how we came about to be there. At the
  end, he offered us food, shelter, and the promise to show us around once the evening
  was upon us. Never had I seen such kindness from a complete stranger. We went to
  nap, shower, and then eat pb&j's to our hearts content. Once the evening arrived,
  Eric was a man of his word. He took us around the town to every hot spot that was
  hopping and we had the best time there was to be had. Unforgettable memories and
  new friends were made. We drank and danced and touched every part of this new place
  we had never been. It was like it was a magical place that only a few were allowed
  in and we just happened to be a part of it. We had discovered our own private Atlantis.
  I will never forget that night for the rest of my life. I yearn to have another
  just like it.
