Title: Why not?
DateModified: '2019-02-15'
DatePublished: '2019-02-15'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/why-not
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Hythum El-Sayyad
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I recently traveled to Thailand and wanted to collect my thoughts on the experience
  here and I dunno maybe some humans will read it. What a gorgeous country Thailand
  is. I first arrived to Bangkok which is a gigantic sprawling city even more so than
  Los Angeles which is saying something. My first goal when getting off the plane
  was getting  Pad Thai and ohhhh boy did I get some. I literally ate it every single
  day, I mean for even the most simple Pad Thai in Los Angeles it''ll run you at least
  ten bucks(besides one very questionable place I know of in Macarthur Park) but here
  I could get a heaping pile of delicious noodles for under 2$. Another hilarious
  thing is Thai restaurants have the most ambitious menus I''ve ever seen, I saw one
  menu that had 35 pages and a table of contents just in case you get lost.Outside
  of that place, Bangkok is busy and overwhelming and made LA feel like a quiet suburb.
  We''ll get back to Bangkok now lets talk about southern Thailand an island called
  Koh Lanta.We went during the raining season so at times it sort of felt deserted
  which I was all about after spending a couple days in Bangkok. Little family run
  restaurants with the same menus the size of a small novel packed full of all different
  kinds of food. Lots of small rasta bars with posters of Bob Marley and Che Guevara
  with little pillows to sit on that felt like someones house because the people who
  own the place actually do live there. It didn''t really feel too touristy I felt
  more as a guest in someones home rather than a customer at a hotel. Laws don''t
  really exist here I don''t think I saw a cop once.  Here every time someone would
  try to sell you something they would say "Why Not" which is actually harder to respond
  to than you would think. Two words could not describe a place better. It was so
  easy to lose track of time here and really it didn''t matter no one really has anywhere
  to be.Being a tourist is much cooler when there aren''t a million of you. Now onto
  the third part of our trip and my favorite part by far, Railay Beach. We got on
  a very tiny boat and crossed  through some extremely blue choppy water surrounded
  by cool rock forms. This place really only exists for tourists, the whole place
  was centered around tourism. The beach was right in between two big landmasses which
  were very popular for insane people to come rock climb. Once again I''m so happy
  we went during the raining season as it was calm and not crazy busy. Plenty of similar
  Rasta bars where time stops and nothing really seems to matter. I don''t think I
  saw one police officer or any real need for one, there seemed to be no laws but
  everything was peaceful and ran smoothly.Once again the catch phrase of my trip
  resurfaces, why not?Most things you are offered are followed with this but it was
  used more as a statement than an actual question which is a cool way of thinking
  of it. I don''t think it was meant to be taken as deep as I took it but fuck it
  go to Thailand or go somewhere you''ve always wanted to go. The beauty of it is
  the answer to the question doesn''t matter, don''t think of it in that sense, think
  of it as a shield against the nagging little voice that tells you that you can''t,
  or that you don''t have enough money or you aren''t good enough.Bangkok could very
  well be the entrance to hell BUT it has it''s own vibe, it''s kind of like a flaming
  car accident you can''t turn your eyes away from. Or like a piece of cake with all
  of your guilty pleasures baked in.If you''re uptight conservative or judgmental
  Bangkok will shake that out of you real fast. I leave you with these two powerful
  and beautiful words, Why not.


  P.S Monkeys are dicks.'
