Title: Why i travel ?
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/why-i-travel
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kapil Kumar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I started my travel experiences with South Korea as first country in 2010,
  by 2019 I have visited 45+ cities and 14 countries around the world. I have explored
  local culture & heritage, delicious cuisines, made friends across the word, tried
  many adventurous sports and visited many landmarks.


  Little about my journey : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTCQX71TQwY


  Till now I was busy enjoying myself without any thoughts about local ecosystem or
  environment, as its a known fact that Tourists brings money into a beautiful city
  but leaves a lot of trash which may cause imbalance in the environment.


  This time I got a chance to participate in a CSR activity organized by the ''Tourism
  Authority of Thailand'', where we volunteered to plant mangrove plants near the
  river bed area. This will help to control the water to avoid flood in the village
  area and will make the forest area greener and healthier.


  The place is also known as Samut Sakhon, which is around 1.5 hours away from the
  Bangkok City. After an early morning drive, we reached to the village and on boarded
  a quick boat ride to reach the forest area.



  We had a fun task to plant around 30+ mangrove plants around the muddy river bed.
  It feels as simple as sounds, we just have to dig a hole to create a new home for
  the saplings. It took around 30 minutes to plant all saplings, though we may seems
  like posing for cameras but we were really doing by our wish to contribute to the
  community.


  Here are few moments: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4OG9s6NU_8


  It was a sense of proud and happiness as first time I have participated in such
  a noble cause without any worrying of dirty feet, hands or cloths. The return ride
  was little thrilling when an unexpected visitor joined our boat, I may look little
  afraid but i was just concern about my cameras and belongings :). He planned to
  left us alone after a 5 minutes ride and full stomach of stolen fruits from our
  boat. Being happy and relaxed, I could finally called it as a day of accomplishment.


  I would request you guys to try such initiatives to work with local people,authorities
  and NGO, it really helped me to understand the local people along with a motivation
  to planned such exciting trip ahead.


  Adios....'
