Title: Why speak when we can kiss
DateModified: '2019-02-14'
DatePublished: '2019-02-14'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/why-speak-when-we-can-kiss
SetInCountry: Israel
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Wanda Sokutu
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: I once spent some some time in Israel volunteering at a kibbutz (secluded farming
  community), and on weekends we were permitted to leave the kibbutz and travel around
  the rest of the country, stay at various hostels etc. I was being hosted by a South
  African family of four (mom dad and 2 kids) on the weekends. On one of the weekends
  the eldest son decided to take me out on a night on the town. I was excited and
  simultaneously nervous because as a single man I obviously had no idea how to approach
  the local women. He then assured me that the local women respond well to black South
  African men, especially because of thier love for Nelson Mandela. So with that in
  mind we set off for our night out in the capital city, Tel Aviv. After a short cab
  ride we stopped outside club/bar type of venue. Now, because of the extreme heat
  and humidity, clothing options for clubs are much looser, even in high end clubs,
  so I was at the very least comfortable in my black vest, camo shorts and fitted
  cap. After taking the traditional rounds in the club/bar, both to check out the
  venue and see the local 'talent', we then made our way to the bar to get a drink.
  I noticed a pretty young lady giving me the 'eyes' and I reciprocated. After a quick
  smile at the lady I turned back to my friend while we were waitng for our drinks
  to let him know there is potential brewing in near vicinity. Before we could turn
  back around the lady walked passed and took a quick squeeze of my ass  before heading
  to the dance floor with her friends. I then instinctively made a very South African
  gesture with my fingers which is to point down and make a small circle which basically
  means 'I'm coming'. I don't know what made me think that she would know this but
  I at least wanted to acknowledge her advances. So I finally got my drink, my friend
  gave me the 'go get'em' pat on the back and I approached the group of girls. In
  this moment I wish I had asked my friend a few words or phrases to get the ball
  rolling. I could only hope that she could speak English to make the next move easier.
  Luckily her very encouraging friends tapped her on the shoulder as I approached,
  she turned around, smiled and we started dancing. I whispered 'hi' in her ear and
  she jus giggled. I then whispered 'what is your name?', and she giggled again. Clearly
  she couldn't speak English and I couldn't speak hebrew. So I jus decided to enjoy
  our dance, our intense looks at eachother, the music and our hands moving across
  our bodies. Along with the music I started hearing cheering which I later discovered
  was her group of friends. I couldn't tell you what they were saying but I was then
  pulled closer. Dancing cheek to cheek I decided to make a move. I slid my cheek
  across hers until our lips met.  We started kissing... and in that moment I thought
  to myself why speak when we can kiss. It was one of the best moments of my time
  in Israel.
