Title: Widening the frame
DateModified: '2019-02-10'
DatePublished: '2019-02-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/widening-the-frame
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: "Ivan Valid\u017Ei\u0107"
AuthorCountry: Croatia
Text: Being in a new world with old friends is the best thing that has ever happened
  to me. It was early morning when we were starting our adventure. The two of my friends
  Erik and Tomo were waiting for me at the train station in Zagreb in Croatia, our
  homeland. Gregor, the third friend, was missing. He is always late, so was that
  time. He entered the train literally one minute before departure. Having our interrail
  tickets checked we were ready for Budapest, our first stop. The plan was not to
  sleep all night and walk all Budapest. With smiles on our faces and excitement in
  our hearts, we felt like adventurers and sky was the only limit. When we arrived
  in Budapest, we first went to an all you can eat restaurant near the Danube. We
  were really hungry, an 8-hour trip was exhausting. We had a bottle of wine and enjoyed
  our freedom. After the meal, we went for a walk, took a couple of pictures and after
  a little bit of sightseeing we went to the Citadella. The Citadella was placed on
  a hill above the city, the view was marvelous. Being there, enjoying the view, we
  spent 6 hours. The night passed, the sun was getting up and we were heading back
  to the train station. The next stop was Vienna, the capital of Austria. We had a
  train to Frankfurt ab Main so we couldn't have stayed in Vienna for more than two
  hours. Our train from Frankfurt to Amsterdam was departing at 11:23 pm and we knew
  we couldn't miss it. Frankfurt was a pretty dirty and dangerous-looking city. Luckily
  we weren't supposed to be there for more than 4 hours. We went to a fast food restaurant.
  While ordering we communicated to each other in Croatian and the salesman spoke
  to us in Croatian too. We were surprised to see one of our own this far away from
  home. We had a meal and said farewell to our fellow Croatian and went back to the
  station. The train station was huge with a lot of foreign people and the whole place
  was chaotic. Luckily we found our train and entered it, but a conductor threw us
  out saying that wasn't the train to Amsterdam. Confused, we walked out and the train
  went away. While heading to the information counter, we were stopped by beggars
  and a lot of miserable and sad people. That scene was a bit traumatic, but I had
  concerns of my own. It was troubling my mind, whether it was the right train and
  did we just lose it. We asked a pleasant worker on the information counter about
  the train to Amsterdam. She said that the train we exited was the train we needed
  and that the next one is at 5 am. Being angry and frustrated wasn't really helpful
  so we found us a place to stay. It was something like a safe house in the train
  station for the ones like us. It was locked and free from pickpocketing. Gregor
  and I couldn't sleep so we got out for a walk. As I remember Frankfurt was very
  dirty and ugly at first, but it had some nice parts. The Main and bridges were beautiful
  at night, but there were a lot of people sleeping on the grass near the river. Homeless
  families with children laying all over the place. That was the only time during
  the trip that I felt bad and sorry. It was horrible. With our enthusiasm leveled
  down, we went back to the station. We slept for a few hours, but not enough. I don't
  have enough space to describe my whole adventure. That week I had the time of my
  life. I had seen stuff I will never forget, I felt stuff I will never fell again.
  It showed me that there are people everywhere who suffer, but there are also ones
  who enjoy. We were being told since we were young that life is better elsewhere
  and they can repeat that numerous times, but I found out that everyone is responsible
  for its own faith and this adventure has really widened my frame.
