Title: 'Wild Scotland: the Isle of Skye'
DateModified: '2019-03-10'
DatePublished: '2019-03-10'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/wild-scotland-the-isle-of-skye
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Flavia Agostini
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom (Great Britain
Text: 'Scotland is made of magic and mystery, stories of hunted castles and fairies
  realms hidden in the wildness. My adventure starts the day I decided to visit one
  of the most remote areas in the country: the Isle of Skye. Despite the name, Skye
  is not really an island, because it''s connected to the land by a bridge. That bridge
  is the last of civilization you will see for a while because entering Skye is like
  entering another kingdom, made of different colours, wild nature, infamous highland
  cows and a lot of sheep. Like, A LOT of sheep.

  I started my journey visiting the most photographed castle in Scotland, Eilean Donan
  Castle, fighting the wind and the fog, caught in the rain of a mid-October. After
  listening to stories about ancient families, bloody wars and brave knights, I sailed
  to the unknown, and let me tell you: driving in Skye is surreal. For hours and hours,
  you will meet nothing but wildness and the sight of an unclear sky, the horizon
  as your only companion. I''ve been to Armadale, ruins of an old castle home of Clan
  Donald; I walked all the way to the windy Nest Point and visited the lonely Fairy
  Pools. I climbed the rocks of Fairy Glen, admiring the view from the top of its
  hills and on my way back I stopped at Kilt Rock. Either it was land or the coast,
  I felt like I could drive for weeks and still find every day new things that amazed
  me.

  I sweated my way through all of Skye, walked in the mud and under the rain, tripping
  and stumbling but never backing down. Every once in a while, I stopped and admired
  the landscape, no matter the weather conditions, because every corner of the island
  was breathtaking. I couldn''t refrain myself to take a lot of pictures; I wanted
  to remember every single detail of my adventure, the people I met, the animals and
  the nature I discovered, and the feeling of absolute freedom this place gives you.
  When I decided to go to Skye, I didn''t have a perfect plan, I just knew I wanted
  to dive into the wildness of Scotland and let my instinct guide me through my journey.
  I admit I wasn''t disappointed. The Isle of Skye is one of those places that you
  cannot visit just once; after the first time, you will be coming back over and over
  again to feel that freedom one more time, and to see things you haven''t seen before.'
