Title: Wise Guys
DateModified: '2019-03-13'
DatePublished: '2019-03-13'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/wise-guys
SetInCountry: Namibia
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: Mirja Nonte
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'What''s that subliminal noise underneath my body, slowly finding its way through
  the exact three layers of a paper-thin ground mat, topped by a camouflaged duo of
  a sleeping pad and bag, before knocking at my human flesh and blood in the middle
  of the night?

  So far only having heard and being now familiar with a variety of indigenous insects,
  whispering among the Namibian bush of the Damaraland, that sound, emering from the
  ground, was undoubtedly different.

  The shining light of the decreasing moon above the dry river bed, where friends
  and I had set up our open-air camp for the night, was still strong enough to allow
  a reasonably far sight but yet, my human eye was not able to spot anything which
  could have possibly been associated with the vibrating sound coming from afar -
  nevertheless, growing stronger and stronger.

  All of my three friends were asleep. Dead asleep. How could they?! Am I the one
  who can''t differ vivid imagination from reality?!


  Starting our journey from the colonial town of Swakopmund, we soon left the Atlantic
  coastline, heading inland, not only attempting to catch a glimpse of the so-called
  "Hereros", an ethnic group inhabiting most of the region, being known for their
  distinctively unique traditions, but also in hope of viewing some of Namibia''s
  wildlife as we steer our 4x4 across endless roads, arousing clouds of dust as we
  discover parts of the second least populated nation on the planet.

  Lavishly feathered ostriches, gathered in groups, moving onwards, individually carrying
  all of their weight onto their two skinny legs, is what we saw and were enchanted
  by. For example. A variety of grazing antelopes like springboks, most commonly,
  or herds of Oryx'' as well as Kudus crossed our paths in many ways.

  Yet. None of these former encounters was to be compared to what was about to happen
  next. That inherent sound that seconds ago was only to be detected from the ground,
  was now perceived through the atmosphere above. It seemed as if the night''s wind,
  coming from around the winding river bed, carried the sound of a rhythmical march
  and movement I had never heard before. Not like that.


  In definite belief of something miraculous to happen, I woke up my friends. As gently
  as my excited but concurrently paralysed nervous system was able to. By placing
  my right index finger onto my lips, expected behavior was shown.


  NEVER DID WE EXPECT TO FIND what we then found.


  Along the ephemeral river bed of the Huab river - our nest for the night - they
  had chosen to wander. A herd of elephants, wild desert elephants, of which there
  are hardly three dozen left, passed by. Led by the eldest female of their family
  clan, she was followed by two more adults, 3 adolescents and even one calf. According
  to the elephant''s ritual of acknowledging its mother by touching her with their
  trunks, the calf has seemingly just come into this world. Internal relations within
  a herd of elephants are exceptionally tight. Especially when birth has just been
  given.

  So in all of their calm and glorious appearance, their skin being naturally wrinkled,
  the foursome of us were being given the opportunity to take notice of the way they
  behave and function within their natural environment of the Damaraland, Namibia.


  If one takes into consideration that an adult elephant - no matter if living in
  a forest or in a bush - has no other predator than human kind, than this particular
  coincidence showed evidence to the possibility that living space can be respectfully
  shared instead of fought over; that love and acceptance may occur amongst all living
  species. - "Do no harm to me and I will do no harm to you." Spread the word.'
