Title: with love, from himachal
DateModified: '2019-03-02'
DatePublished: '2019-03-02'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/with-love-from-himachal
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Aman Prakash
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '''Mountains are calling'' was the caption of my Snapchat story just before
  boarding the hrtc bus from Chandigarh to dharamshala for my first solo trip in order
  to show my friends the cool tourist within me. My seat was on the aisle side and
  sitting next to me was a boy wearing a Himachali cap who welcomed me with a warm
  smile. He asked me did i travel to himachal frequently. I responded that this was
  my first time to Himachal. He then offered me his window seat in case I felt like
  vomiting while traveling in the hills. I accepted his offer as i didn''t want to
  miss the view during my journey and neither wanted to puke in the bus. We exchanged
  pleasantry and i got to know Achyut was a native of Palampur, a small town which
  came half an hour before my first destination Dharamshala. On our bus journey he
  told me a lot of stories about himachal and the things I should must experience.
  This overnight conversation gave me a lot of insight of the Himachali culture, a
  lot more than what i had researched from internet. He then invited me to his house
  and requested me to freshen up and have breakfast with him and then he would drop
  me to the bus stand. I accepted his offer as Dharamshala was only half an hour away
  from Palampur. His friends had come to pick us from the bus stand. We went to his
  home where his parents welcomed us warmly. His mother had made a great breakfast
  which consisted stuffed indian breads with unique papaya pickle and a hibiscus paste
  which i had never tatsed. After breakfast we went to meet his friends at their local
  meetup place known as Maggie point. Suddenly I bonded with 12 himachalis over tea
  and maggie. I felt like it was a reunion and not that we had met for the first time.
  All of them requested me to visit Dharamshala and McLeod ganj along with them. I
  happily agreed as I was enjoying their company a lot. All of a sudden my solo trip
  changed into a group vacation. We set out for Dharamshala in three cars and went
  first went to Namgyal monastery. The peaceful vibe of the monastery made me feel
  calm and relaxed. We had thupkas for lunch which was a combination of soup, noodles
  and dimsums. Then we visited Dharamshala cricket stadium which had the most spectacular
  view in the world. We returned back to Palampur by 6pm. We then went to one of their
  relatives wedding. This was my first Himachali wedding experience. As Palampur was
  a small town people were closely related to each other. I joined them in their traditional
  dance which is known as nati in which i had to follow their footsteps. The reception
  dinner was very unique. We all sat on carpet cross legged and were served tasty
  Himachali cuisine in leaf plates. At night we all stayed back in Achyut home and
  they all shared some haunted stories of Himachal. The next day we all went to McLeod
  Ganj and visited the bhagsu fall. Coincidentally one of our friends had birthday
  that day. We all bought a cake and snacks and climbed up a hill where we celebrated
  amidst pine trees and river flowing along. That was one of the best birthday celebration
  I had experienced. then we went to one of our friend''s relatives house were a religious
  ceremony was being held and we had traditional Himachali lunch which consisted of
  Dham, Mitha and Sidu. In evening we all again went to Maggie point. This location
  will always have a special place in my heart because here i made relation with people
  who became family. As the day ended it was time for me to head back to Chandigarh.
  All of my 12 friends came to drop me off at bus stand. They gifted me a Himachali
  cap and said that I am a Himachali from now. More than pictures to show off i made
  memories and relations which i will carry forever.  I started my journey as a tourist
  and ended as a traveller.'
