Title: ' World wide Social, Cultural and Geographical Diversities '
DateModified: '2019-02-25'
DatePublished: '2019-02-25'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/world-wide-social-cultural-and-geographical-diversities
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A leap into the unknown
AuthorName: Rajesh Kumar Das
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Travelling has been my hobby since long time past. Being a citizen of mountainous
  country Nepal, I have ever seen people moving from one place to another and enjoying
  several diversities that are there in terms of society, culture, geography, nature
  and others. These kinds of movement not only boost the self-confidence of an individual
  but also gives an opportunity to understand the importance of human ideology and
  perceptions and use to use them to come over the prevailing challenges.


  Although I traveled to different places in my country since my childhood, I started
  traveling independently during my campus life and I think  this was a bigger step
  in my life. Before that I would often fear leaving my family and going alone for
  a tour. This helped me think sensibly and act like a mature person. I realized having
  language skills and idea about the places in advance will largely help a person.
  Because sometimes not being able to communicate with the local people greatly retard
  the charm during travelling and ultimately leaving not a good impact on anyone.
  Besides communication, another important challenge is differences in weather. Basically,
  a person from cold place moving to a warmer place or vice-versa may experience various
  physiological changes. Sometimes such changes may threat one''s life or lead to
  trauma or certain bodily abnormalities and thus prohibit the further plan to continue
  the journey. Food diversity will an interesting part that one explores while he/she
  is away from home. As the availability of food sources differ with place and people,
  this gives rise to diverse food menu round the world. Often this is found that the
  type of food helps the people for adaptation in particular environment. As for example,
  the food found in tropical region is not necessarily the same like that is found
  in the polar region.


  In my opinion, being far away from home changes the social behavior of a person.  There
  are several circumstances in which our attitude or conception can make us biased.  This
  is because the place from which we origin may not be ideal and the knowledge imparted
  about people and society may be mono-directional or monotonous. As we move to different
  places like Asian people visit Europe or a farmer working in a countryside in South
  America meets a vegetable grower in North India for the first time, their ideas
  may be contradictory fro each other but ultimately will realize each others feeling
  and thus they will come closer. At the same time some students in University would
  conclude a society to be stereotypical in remote part of Africa and their research
  would give solutions to come over a certain prevailing issue like marriage before
  age at marriage or having equal rights based on gender.


  In conclusion, the points discussed above come from my experience during traveling
  in different parts of the world. Wherever we live in the world despite the differences
  in our culture, country, society and others, one thing that can unite us is the
  feeling and respect for each other which we have after meeting each other.'
