Title: Worldtales, unforgettable days
DateModified: '2019-03-09'
DatePublished: '2019-03-09'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2019/applications/worldtales-unforgettable-days
SetInCountry: Chile
Category: I didn't expect to find
AuthorName: "Tayn\xE1 Silva"
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I went to Santiago del Chile last year with mt boyfriend. It was my third travel
  abroad. It lasted only three days but there is something very magic that happens
  when I am traveling: it looks like one day actually takes 1 week to pass. So many
  things to do, so many things to see, persons to meet, if I can''t make everything
  I planned to I just can''t get enough. The first day I met Santiago''s downtown
  and it just surprised me in a way I have never expected. Although I am a tourism
  person, I did not have searched a lot about the city, I just let it gave me a ''boom''
  impression. I went to street stores, ate Chile''s food, heard a taxi driver''s lifestory.
  The buildings, the dogs and the wine of that city were totally incredible. I spend
  some time in a square looking at the people passing with their families and friends
  while I tried to think how would be living in that city, walking through those streets
  everyday. The next day I was just rolling down in a snow mountain with my boyfriend
  while we screamed nonsense things, after meeting Brazilians. I ate snow because
  I didn''t knew it yet and it was amazing, I have never thought I would get to know
  snow someday. And a little bit after this I looked towards me and there was a little
  girl doing the same and I just could laugh a lot because of myself! In that moment
  I thanked God for being able to experience that. Even we were extremely sick at
  the end of the day, we walked 3 kilometers to go to an amusement park near our hotel
  (that''s what we thought). When we get there it was already closed, so we walked
  on through the natural park around it even it was late and dark. We didn''t care.
  All of that was like a dream, a magical city that we just needed to explore and
  enjoy it whatever happened. Then we just came back to the hotel so we could sleep
  and wake early in the next day. We woke up and went to the center of the city, visited
  some museums that we found along our way through it, looking for the municipal market.
  On that day I was already thinking about the construction and evolution of the architecture
  of that city and it''s colonization. It surely happened in a way very much more
  technologic than Brazil, which is the country I live since I was born. That culture,
  those persons are more futuristic than ours. The feminism is louder in there, so
  as the poverty is lower. And these things we must value nowadays. I went through
  deeper and deeper thoughts and I was even more in love with that place that seemed
  so far away in the time. In that noon we went to a winehouse called Concha y Toro,
  which is the most famous one Santiago. And once again I was surprised with such
  a huge and incredible place. It was cold but the threes were orange, just like they
  were in Fall. We ate delicious grapes while we drank the finest wine ever, and were
  very well received by the persons who work there, who could speak portuguese a little
  bit and told us the story of the most famous Concha y Toro''s wine: the Casillero
  del Diablo. It was all lovely and once more incredible. They gave to us the glasses
  we used to drink and we went to the hotel, to rearrange our luggages and take a
  fly back to Brazil. I was sad, but completely satisfied and tired with that short
  but long trip, that showed me how lucky we can be when we travel, and how every
  travel story has - above all - a happy ending.'
