Title: 14,000ft what would you expect coming now?
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/14-000ft-what-would-you-expect-coming-now
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Raphael Diehm
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: When I jumped out, I can't describe what my first thought was. During my last
  weeks in Australia, I decided to do something I'd never thought about before. I
  went to an agency and booked the first Skydive of my life. 14,000ft high. Unsure
  what I was doing, but I want to push myself to a limit I've never been before. 2
  days later it was time to start the adventure. It wasn't just a skydive, it was
  over the great barrier reef. Leaving all our valuables in the shop, we went then
  with a bus to the planes. While getting suited, the nervousness and pulse started
  getting up well before we boarded. I've never been in an plane like it. 5 meters
  long and the capacity was exactly 10, which we had. Somehow we crammed in and when
  we started it was swinging and wobbling around. I've never had a feeling quite like
  it. An age passed before we hit 14,000ft and I could feel how the adrenalin raised
  every time I looked out of the small window. Seeing Cairns and the reef from above
  was magnificent but that height and the knowing that I will jump soon was driving
  me crazy. The time had come. My buddy told me that we're there now, I realise that
  we have been the ones sitting next to the now opened door. Sweat, fear and a thousand
  things were running through my head and then we swung our legs out, my body moved
  almost out of the plane and my eyes were looking straight down to earth. Just he
  was holding us back and I will never forget that moment, it pushed me right to the
  edge of my fears. Not just figuratively also literally, of the plane and myself.
  He counted down from 3 but pushed on 2. I was screaming so much, I can't imagine
  ever doing that, but after a few spins and flips we came to the normal flight position
  we were taught and I could enjoy the view. It felt funny and creepy at the same
  time, feeling the wind smashing in your face and along your body. But it was like
  they said, feeling free. 1 minute free fall was done in the blink of an eye but
  it was incredible after defeating the fear on the edge of the plane, even if I didn't
  do it by myself. I know that next time I would. The parachute opened, I went unconscious
  for a few seconds because it stopped our free fall so rapidly. When I got myself
  back together we started our landing. I will not lie to you I felt happy when I
  had ground back underneath my feet but I was even happier I now have this experience.
  Pushing yourself to the edge makes you stronger than everything else and it's something
  you can be proud of.
