Title: '1st trip of the year '
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/1st-trip-of-the-year
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Chase Hookway
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I from New Jersey visited my mum, and uncle Steve in Fort LauderdaleFlorida.
  For a month & a half from nov-oct of 2017 an incredible trip helping my mom & uncle
  move from one home to another. I moved &  packed everything found them a new home
  painted & preped it &  moved them in! Then I returned home to nj for two weeks before
  leaving for Costa Rica for two weeks in December a trip planned a booked while in
  Fl. Hopefully like this one!  Had an amazing adventure packed trip there. Came back
  to nj for xmas & New Years spent it in spiritual endeavors of personal progression.
  Not engaging in typical fashions & manors. The the first week of Jan a dear friend
  of mine. Who has been both friend & lover currently friend. Asked if I would join
  her on a return trip to fl as she was visiting fam for the holidays. This friend
  struggles with depression & was feeling such & expressed my company to be very benifical.
  Always looking to the pull of where I can be of greatest benefit! I told her I would
  think it over.  This was the 3 she wanted to leave on the 6 I couldn't do that as
  I had a project to finish. She ended up not leaving & planning leaving the 9th the
  morning of the ninth I confirmed I would join her. As such I did! Last min road
  trip from nj  5 degrees  to Amazing sub tropical south Florida 80 degrees! The road
  trip was great staying friends with spiritual motivational benefits!!! Got to her
  place in Tampa sleep on the couch. Left by four hr train sunset train ride the next
  day to my moms in Fort Lauderdale! Which is where the story really starts!!!!!!!
  Got horrible flu first in over five years for first two weeks. Vegging on the beach  everyday.
  Mostly reading meditating or my favorite watching the kiteboarders, kiteboard. Something
  I have desired to do for 10 years! 4 weeks into my trip, I was getting anxious for
  adventure. Came home from the beach & the winter x games were on tv. I right there
  & then said unless kiteboarding comes into my life, I need to go north to go snowboarding.
  The next morning on the beach for sunrise I find a washed up kiteboard. My mom who
  is with excitedly says its a sign & mine & takes it & puts it in the car. An hr
  later a guy walks up asking if anyone has seen the board I immediately says yes
  & return it to him. He says he would be willing to teach me. He turns out to be
  a retired at forty five best on the beach slightly bio polar millionaire with a
  heart of gold.  As such one of my greatest adventures starts. I have been kiteboarding
  since!
