Title: 45 Hours, Front &amp; Back
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/45-hours-front-back
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Christopher Lizardi
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: A couple months ago, I took a trip to go to the Grand Canyon, one of the seven
  wonders of the Earth for no other reason than because it was the Grand Canyon. My
  parents rented a small, but just big enough for the entire family and our stuff,
  teal mini van. At first, when I hear about the trip, I thought it was going to probably
  be one of the worst experiences of my life since I hated long car trips. Before
  going to the Grand Canyon, we had taken another long car trip which was to Houston
  to visit some family which took well over 8 hours, going back and forth from our
  home in Killeen and the headache I had that day is still very fresh in my mind though
  a long time has passed since then. I was also very worried of our small Pomeranian
  dog whom we were going to leave in the care of a neighbor who had taken care of
  him many times before, but this time it was a week-long trip which meant he wasn't
  going to see us all that entire time and it started to make me feel terrible about
  leaving him behind because we had never left him in the care of our neighbors for
  so long. But as soon as I finished importing our bags into the bag of the car with
  my dad and sat down next to my grandmother in the backseat of the car while my mom
  was attempting to start the car, I had completely forgotten about the fact that
  Giddy, our dog, wasn't with us, I then began to worry about how much car sickness
  I was going to get. I put my earbuds in and played my phone's music hoping it would
  drown out the eventual headache of mine, but as an hour passed and then two, and
  then those two hours become six, I felt no headache. I was astonished, to say the
  least. I had never gone on a car trip and not felt dizzy or at least with a little
  headache and there I was in the car just looking out my window at the bright and
  shiny hotel sign in New Mexico as my mother parked the car. I had brought my Canon
  camera so I had basically taken photos of everything I saw, including the hotel
  lobby. We stayed the night and slept in the three-and-a-half star hotel and when
  we woke up we made our way to the Grand Canyon. It took us an extra ten hours to
  get to the Grand Canyon Inn's, but the morning after we slept and ate our breakfast,
  we began our hike in the Grand Canyon. It was the most expansive and never-ending
  maze of rocks I had and will ever see in my life. I took over a thousand pictures
  and not a single picture can actually reflect on what I saw those three days staying
  in the Grand Canyon. Not one.
