Title: 6years of Australia
DateModified: '2018-02-03'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/6years-of-australia
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: EUgenia Gandrabur
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'In Australia, with a 7000dollars, with no English and all of the people are
  strangers, to lovers and haters, to study in her part time and full time worker,
  to sleep in front of federation station, and cook underground.

  With the rooms made from fine wood, no roofs and noise.

  To 12 to 16 hours of work, from everything comftable, to one backpack, plenty of
  backpackers, they are calling them loosers.

  They are young and drinks and having drugs.

  From the 12appostoles to urulu with tears.

  Under the swag with a dingo, the sky is full of light.

  Much soon Sydney, gift to fly , with who you trust, and still in need of something.

  Then there is fremantle, the universe it is in full shiness of love.

  The music, misery the lost in marihuana, the only place you have your shed , where
  the rats are your friends, the are everywhere you are, and the nigh is where you
  are, behund the scouts, the lefted houses, the infinite questions and the why I
  am here, what to ask, why to be around.

  Fremantle is my home for now, the family is here with me, the woman who is crazy,
  in love, with her young man, concepting the baby on the path.

  The flour of life is to be into this place, by consume and spend your time your
  sharing giving taking all in once.

  There is Broome, iselected on the top of town, far away to fly some hours and reach
  the wet season, colorful small very different , black and white.

  Maybe is here my blood, my soul of love.

  Is more of types of threes around.

  The big round one, is good for once who can paint and make the snaks more beautiful.

  The sharks, we eat, the tail of kangooroo undeground on fire.

  We love how we cannot speak and we just laugh.

  The biggest time, is when your jelousy going high!

  None it is immune, where you loose your mind, there is always the jail in the center
  of you Broome, behind the stairs to the moon, where the camels still used for fun.

  There is always sunrise and sunset, just walk about.

  The hitchhike to the place of dead, the Halls Creek, maybe Woolf Creek.

  Towards you Darwin, there are plenty of fish in the ocean.

  Some of them it is still illegal.

  But there it is always gold behind!

  No matter if you didnt reach the Alamen Land, the Marry river is full of crocs,
  there is a lost car inside.

  Maybe we should go to Mitchell street where there is no limit of anything.

  The edge doesnt matter the pwaple are stink, because you need to swear the drink,
  because tge culture, is that kind of using using and being agreed to lifestyle.

  The Sunshine coast is ge'
