Title: a battle with the sea
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-battle-with-the-sea
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: mudita  garg
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Goa,a place of sun,sand,and unlimited fun with an array of beach side pubs
  and restaurants. The smell of the sea and salt in the air, not only gets in all
  over the body but also mixes with the soul to wash away all the fatigue you have
  been gathering through your busy city life.


  "Does it rain here,in August?", i enquired entering into a famous bar restaurant
  on the Baga beach.

  "Yes, it does,sometimes." a local waiter told us, gazing at the clouds that were
  hovering outside.

  The roof of the place was made of straws held with bamboo sticks and no flooring
  was done,only basic wooden furniture were laid on the sandy beach itself. It was
  a huge place but very crowded may be because it was known for the best goan cuisine
  served. I sat in awe of the majestic sea in front of me, wanting to play with the
  waves.


  The sunny, blue sky in the morning had suddenly changed its mood by evening. The
  sea started roaring as if to scare people away who wanted to see the beauty of the
  Arabian sea. The more it roared, the more i felt a calling, as if she was inviting
  me for a match and i decided to head towards the sea.

  I knew, soon the announcements of Goa Coastal Zone Management would start for staying
  away from the rough sea, so i had to quickly go and have a tussle with her. I wanted
  her to smear me with the sand and in return i would taste her salty water.


  I rose up,taking off my slip-ons far away from her, pressing my foot on the cool,brown
  sandy beach leaving my footprints for her to see. And soon enough i was in her water
  savoring her and she kept pushing me out with gentle strokes in the beginning and
  harder ones later. But, what was i in front of her humongous self. The more i dived
  in,the more she pushed me out with a roar each time.The battle was "on" for an hour,
  but it was a fight only for me ,for her it was a child''s play. All soaked, drenched
  and tired; i gave up.


  But while i fought with her, i won many a battle within myself, overcoming my fears
  (fear of water). I might have lost to her but conquered so much inside.

  i was renewed with new courage and a new life was breathed, little had i known until
  then, the power of myself and she has helped me understand how i was the nucleus
  of my universe.'
