Title: A blu boat in Estonia
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-blu-boat-in-estonia
SetInCountry: Finland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Irish Giovanni Mercanti
AuthorCountry: Poland
Text: 'My story begins on 7 July 2015. I closed the door of my dorm room in Opole,
  a small city in Poland where I spent my Erasmus, for the last time in my life.

  I had an Interrail ticket in one hand and in the other a camera that I was sure
  to consume during my trip back home, in Italy. In the backpack I had all the courage
  I had collected in five months of life abroad away from my family. The plan was
  simple: to reach Cape North and come back planeless in 1 month.

  After the first stop in Lithuania and Latvia I arrived in Estonia, one of the most
  beautiful Countries I had ever seen. I met an Estonian family that I had contacted
  on the Internet and who was looking for people passing through for 1-3 weeks helping
  in the management of a B & B in an island as big as a football field a few kilometers
  northeast of Tallin.

  And there, on that little island that on the map is more similar to a rock I learned
  that as far as you know well a map, a tourist guide, a book or a travel diary you
  will never be able to discover the details of the beauty of our World people along
  your way.

  With these fantastic people I shared meals, a small wooden house and a boat.

  Saturday was the day of the party: dozens of tourists used to arrive from the mainland
  and in the evenings there was music with cider in a harbour boatyard.

  It was a small and quiet little harbour where on the weekend the blue boat of the
  B & B left and took tourists to two islands around the one in which we were. Little
  islands that marked an important stage in the report of my whole adventure. Little
  islands that are far from every touristic ways and hard to find.

  But between a meal, a party and a boat trip it was the day I had to leave to the
  mainland. My destination was the Polar Arctic Circle. That line for me quite legendary
  and magical that I had seen traced only in geography books.

  The history of this journey continued for another 5000 km and 18 days after my departure
  from the island. But what I have learned is that the best memories of a journey
  and the beautiful stories to tell people that meet on the street, not the photos
  of the places that end up on postcards.'
