Title: A Christmas miracle
DateModified: '2018-02-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-christmas-miracle
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Palak Gupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Walking down the narrow lanes of the yoga capital of India, my eyes kept wandering
  to search for a quaint cafe to take a break from the maddening rush that the town
  was engulfed in.  It was a Christmas evening in Rishikesh with tourists and travelers
  serenading the streets; men and women haggling with the shopkeepers to buy souvenirs;
  autos and taxis honking at the pedestrians. While the Ganges and the numerous temples
  lend a holy ambiance to the town, the Israeli cafes, tattoo parlors, yoga studios
  and travel hostels have redefined this town as an ultimate backpacker destination
  in India. I had been to Rishikesh before to amuse the adventure junkie in me by
  indulging in the famous white water rafting in the Ganges. However, this time, trusting
  the power of spontaneity, I booked my bus ticket to Rishikesh at the last minute
  to explore the laid back version of the town.

  I had spent the entire morning recuperating from last night of Christmas celebration
  with a bunch of other hostel mates. I had taken my spot in a hammock with a novel
  in my hand. Only later did I realize that I had forgotten to eat all day and it
  was time to listen to my cravings. Making my way through the crowd, I spotted him
  sitting alone at a roadside Indian restaurant. His eyes were gazing in the distance
  as if deep in thought. Later will I know that all he thinks about is science. As
  I stood there contemplating my course of action, I realized I had long been in my
  comfort zone. As much as I enjoy my own company, I''d certainly long for human interaction.
  While my feet moved towards him, my mind had woven thousands of possibilities in
  these few seconds. Spontaneity is underrated. One anticipates the outcomes even
  before taking the action. It took me a lot of coaxing to initiate a conversation
  and all it took was a "Hey". The last thing I expected was to find a Christmas romance.
  Within five minutes of our initial exchange of words, we were caught in an incessant
  round of laughter. While gorging on sumptuous food, we shared our travel journeys
  and our experiences. We were comfortable in each other''s company. After a few hours
  of shopping, cafe hopping and exploring the town, I had forgotten what a stranger
  is. But in retrospect, was he ever a stranger?'
