Title: A close encounter with a magnificently terrifying creature.
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-close-encounter-with-a-magnificently-terrifying-creature
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Matthew Nguyen
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'It was January 2016. We''d finally made it to Ningaloo Reef after a long 12
  hour drive from Perth. I''d wanted try Scuba Diving for a while so what better place
  to try then one of the most beautiful reefs in the world. If you''ve ever done scuba
  diving you''ll know it''s a little more complicated then snorkeling as you deal
  with high pressure at deep depths. We took a crash course with the instructor where
  he taught us how to use the equipment and all the hand signs for underwater communication.
  It can get a little confusing, for expample thumbs up doesn''t mean "i''m good",
  it actually means to swim upwards.


  As we put on our wet suit, the instructor explained that we may see a shark but
  not to worry as it would be a docile species. I thought he must of been joking until
  he went through the hand sign for a shark. This one was a little more obvious. Put
  your hand straight upwards on top of your head like a shark fin. I was a super nervous,
  I mean i''d heard alot of stories on the news about shark attacks in recent times.
  We popped on our oxygen tank, slipped on our flippers. We sat on the side of the
  boat, sea breeze blowing in our face, the smell of salt in the air. We dropped into
  the water and instantly felt the cold of the ocean. It was breathtaking, a sea full
  of tropical fish displaying all colours of the rainbow, swimming through the seaweed
  and coral.


  Being immersed deep in the ocean is a calming experience but a little nerve racking
  at the same time because you''re in an environment full of unknown creatures who
  may try to defend their territory. The instructor would turn around every so often,
  and we''d give him a signal to show him that we were ok. After a while the instructor
  pointed off to the distance and gave the sign we hoped we wouldn''t see.


  I looked over and there it was about 20 metres into the distance. A shark about
  3-4 metres long. Big sharp teeth, beady eyes and those distinctive gills. My girlfriend
  freaked out, shook her head emphatically.  I was scared too but I wasn''t going
  to miss this amazing opportunity to get a closer look. I was just praying I didn''t
  end up the sharks lunch. So the instructor and I swam towards the shark.


  We ushered her to follow us. She wasn''t having any of it and just stayed where
  she was. To my amazement the shark was calm and peaceful. Just doing it''s thing.
  It was a calm and relaxed. We got closer, about 10 metres away but it swam off.
  There was no way we were catching it.'
