Title: 'A conservative Raft guides guide to surviving suicide '
DateModified: '2018-02-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-conservative-raft-guides-guide-to-surviving-suicide
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Andrew Johnson
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Andrew 27 :professional International Adventure guide and your next great writer  .
  I was in the army had head injury went crazy tried to kill my self . Started rafting
  after the hospital . Went on a round the world adventure and found purpose in my
  life . I walked in to a rafting company in sort Catalonia an with Google translate
  I worked a deal to take a group of strangers I had never met down a river I had
  never seen in a rouge nation state i had never been to . All spoke Catalan I only
  spoke english at the time . It turned into the first of many commercial flips in
  my rafting career .Ended up on the cover of a Australian rafting magazine climbed
  some of the highest peaks in Spain met so many amazing people fell in love with
  a beautiful Italian photographer hired her at the adventure company i was running
  after only three weeks of being in country . The Italian lady was truly a highlight
  of my adventure if not my life . I spent amazing days with her on dunk island a
  tropical paradise in northern Queensland Australia I got stung by a iragangi jelly
  fish had had to be hospitalized in cairns . When that wasn't happening We would
  rent cars an drive to the heart of the jungle where the great barrier reef would
  come out of the water and touch the oldest rainforest on the planet it was untouched
  wilderness of rafting white water an beautiful birds and mondo waterfalls .  I fled
  the united States  to get away from my insane ex wife 2500 miles worked as a amazing
  emotional buffer but when I returned I fell back in her trap,then june 23 2017 she
  murdered her boyfriend after a Migos concert in Chattanooga. I knew I was going
  to have to leave the country again to regain 'my happiness' the only thing in life
  that truly matters  I am currently on my way to Chile to work at the futaleufu River
  the everest of rivers . I have the full extended version of this amazing adventure
  . it truly is a amazing story any one I tell it to tells me to write a book .
