Title: A Coconut Hit Me
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-coconut-hit-me
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Susan Toby
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Have you ever witnessed a coconut drop from a palm tree? It leaves an almighty
  after-effect. 'Hit by a coconut' for some people means a wake up call or life changing
  experience.  A sleeping mistress at night, Bali appears harmless, but she seduces,
  then just as quickly causes chaos. Newcomers, regular returnees or even locals can
  be 'hit' unexpectedly.  Anda telah terpukal- 'you already hit' is both positive
  and negative. Magical sunsets, friendly people, spirituality, a relaxing lifestyle
  are some features that draw people to Bali. The other face of the island is retribution
  by locals, on their own, for crimes, sometimes resulting in their deaths, frequent
  accidents by people playing roulette on the roads, drugs, dengue, rape, theft, dog
  cruelty or some succumbing to local beauty and cheap encounters that invite unprotected
  sex, with dire consequences. After living on the island for 5 years, my wake up
  call came on National Independence Day.  Driving home with friends on a narrow road
  leading away from Double Six beach, we encountered a traffic jam. Motorcycle drivers,
  not known for their patience, take full advantage, weaving between cars and bikes
  to get out in front and fly free. On this day, a young guy weaving his bike in and
  out, hit a jeep on the other side of the road. The owner subsequently hit the bike
  back in retribution, resulting in the young man leap frogging off his bike and punching
  the owner of the jeep in the face. Onlookers, startled, did nothing, as the older
  expat driver shouted at him, "I have lived on this island for 30 years, I am just
  as much Indonesian as you, you don't treat me this way". National Day on the island
  is one of fierce pride and this young man wasn't accepting anything less than an
  apology from this expat. About to be hit again, I jumped out of my car to try and
  console this youth while my friend handled the bruised and humiliated expat. Neither
  appeared to be backing down as onlookers crowded around to get a better view of
  the action. Eventually, a couple of locals and an expat interceded and took control
  of the situation. Walking back to our car, I overheard someone say, if they were
  not on this island this sort of thing wouldn't happen. At that moment, my wake up
  call came that cemented my reality of life in Bali.  Within a year I and many others
  had left. My community of friends are now spread far and wide around the globe,
  re-settling into new communities or back home where they continue to form new friendships
  and enjoy new adventures.
