Title: A decision that pushed me to the edge
DateModified: '2018-02-05'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-decision-that-pushed-me-to-the-edge
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Sharad Singhal
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'A decision that pushed me to the edge was when I decided to go on a trek in
  winters with temperature below -10 degree C, which was very unusual for me where
  I lived in India. In 2017 December, my friends and I booked the trek and started
  our journey without knowing what adventures are ahead in store for us. We started
  our trip from Rishikesh, India where before the trek we opted for Bungee Jumping
  which was at 83 metre height and number one in India. Have not even thought in my
  dreams that I would do something so adventurous, wonderful and scary. Just before
  jumping off the cliff various thoughts of anxiety, fear, excitement was felt and
  I knew that if I accomplish this, I can do any damn adventure sport anywhere. With
  that adranaline rush I jumped without looking down the valley and that was the best
  experience of my life. We all friends after finishing the bungee jump hugged each
  other as we were still alive and geared up for our much awaited trek.

  We reached our base camp and it was quite cold. We had to stay with the villagers
  in their wooden houses, eat local food which they used to cook for us and ofcourse
  the campfire with local music to save ourselves from winter. We were group of 5
  friends, with our trek leader we started our trekking in the valley with little
  snow, stopping for maggi break for refueling ourselves and then startoff again with
  the himalayan dogs who also walk with us till the top. On 30th December 2017 we
  reached at the top point of our trek at Har Ki Dhun as we planned our new years
  in mountains. It started snowing heavily at Har ki Dhun on new year''s eve and we
  all friends were busy enjoying the surreal location around us, enjoying music &
  dancing, bonfire with drinks to keep us warm without the fear that we might get
  stuck while trekking down the next day due to heavy snow. All of us had an amazing
  new year start with such an unrealistic view, great company of friends and an unforgettable
  adventure. We started trekking down the next day i.e, 1st January 2018 the whole
  valley was covered with snow. Heavy snowfall started happening while we were trekking
  down and we did not stop. Not a single color other than white was seen anywhere
  and that image is captured in my mind forever which I cannot describe in words.
  We 5 friends were the last ones to trek down as the trek was closed for some months
  due to heavy snowfall. This trekking and bungee jumping was the best decision of
  my life that pushed me to the edge.'
