Title: ' A different kind of connection '
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-different-kind-of-connection
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Catarina Nascimento
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'I was having trouble wraping my saurong when a local girl didn''t hesitate
  to offer me some help to do it. Well, it was not exactly my saurong. It was one
  of the many available to enter the temple. You see, when you enter any temple in
  Bali, they ask you to put on a scarf or a local vestiment called saurong that you
  put around your waist as a way to cover your body while showing respect in a place
  of worship. At the Tirta Empul Temple, in Ubud, it''s easy to get lost in faith.
  As soon as I entered the space for the holy water fountains, that were precisely
  lined on the wall where the water that blossomed from them met a pool like area
  with people, I started questioning myself on what I believed. Not that I am an atheist,
  but I didn''t think about those kind of things for a while. Watching all of those
  people so connected with one another made me quickly ask questions. With some sparks
  on his eyes and ready to answer them stood Wandi. We met him at the airport as he
  was taking us to our destination. "Each fountain represents a different subject
  of prayer", he explained. "There is one for something you wish, one where people
  go if they are having too many nightmares and even one to find peace and prayer
  for the loved ones you lost." As he finished his sentence, my eyes opened wide.
  "I can see you resonated with the last one, no?", he asked with a concerned look.
  "Actually...", I hesitated. After some minutes I decided to tell the story about
  my mother who was not with us anymore. In that place filled with people that can
  find joy even in sad shapped events I felt confortable sharing my grieve. The warm
  sun reflected on that holy water where the locals stood waiting to offer food and
  flowers to the Gods after their prayers. After praying, they would submerse their
  heads on the especific fountian and rely on their Gods for relieve and safety. And
  I craved that safety for so long. "I can''t tell you to enter the tank, because
  you are not hindi. But I think it is okay if you wet your hands on the wish fountain
  if you like", he said pointing to one in the middle. It is strange when the paradisic
  view and harmonious faith of others makes you just want to believe in something
  that can give you peace. I made a wish on that day. It''s not real yet, as I can
  not tell it. But I remember it everyday and I am getting close. At least this day
  already gave me a gift: I made a local connection - a connection with a different
  sense of religion in a moment that stays with me.'
