Title: A friend from the road
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-friend-from-the-road
SetInCountry: Bolivia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kay Levin
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'I do not know his name. He must have been my age. He was a wanderer like me,
  and I found him walkind through the dusty streets of Uyuni with no decided destination.
  He ran, the very scoundrel, with a bag of bread, moving away from the crime scene
  while in the distance someone shouted and cursed. Cautious, I followed him to the
  next crossroads, where he stopped to taste the booty under the shadow of a tree.
  Hunger pushed me to come closer and there I sat, with him, without saying a word,
  to share his food. It did not bother him and we enjoyed bread and silence together.
  There was harmony in that scenery: without knowing each other, without speaking,
  we made good company. He was a little like me, and I guess I was a little like him,
  we were not so different after all, despite others could think the opposite. Then,
  we continued walking, no address, for the simple pleasure of it. Later on I was
  sleeping in the open with my backpack as a pillow when I was awakened by a group
  of friends that took advantage of the night''s lull to roam freely through the streets.
  They rummaged in the trash to eat something, then played and laid down to look at
  the stars of the crystalline desert sky and, night by night, I became one of them.
  It was a week of simple life, day by day looking for what to eat, where to sleep
  and how to enjoy time. My friends and I used to walk downtown, where we listened
  to the music of some new languagues brought by tourists that crowded the town.

  When I finally left, I carried with me very good memories from my adventures mates,
  road nomads, owners of nothing and owned by nothing, free as the stars of that sky.
  To my surprise, I found out that South America was full of friends just like them:
  in the following towns they welcomed me with no prejudgement for being different
  or speaking a foreign language. They made me company when I was alone, and made
  me laughed when I was desperate.

  Like in my case, a lot of people is made happy by this anonymous companions, who
  walk carefree in all kind of villages and remote places. Some call them animals,
  pets or street dogs, and do not pay much attention, but sometimes they behave more
  human than people. These beings are wise and they can teach, to those who listen,
  life lessons about affection, solidarity among the living or the ease of being happy.
  They may have a lot of experience and, generally, little recognition. It is said
  that they are humans'' best friend and, if true, that''s how a best friend should
  be.'
