Title: A hellish 54-hour bus trip to Paradise
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-hellish-54-hour-bus-trip-to-paradise
SetInCountry: Botswana
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: KAGISO MADIBANA
AuthorCountry: Botswana
Text: 'Two years ago,I decided to take a trip to Zanzibar on impulse.To be honest,I
  have never been much of a planner,I prefer to just wing my way through life.So a
  trip like this was right up my alley.Since I had a limited budget, I had to take
  the long and difficult bus route. I left Gaborone at 7pm on a crowded overnight
  bus and got to Kazungula border around 7am (border between Botswana and Zambia).

  We used a ferry to cross to the Zambian side but as far as borders go,the service
  was quite fast and less irritating than usual.The bus to Livingstone came two hours
  late and we were quite lucky to catch the last bus to Lusaka.

  The Lusaka bus rank was not welcoming at all but the next bus to Dar-es-Salaam would
  be leaving at 3PM the next day.I had not planned for an overnight stay in Lusaka
  but there was no other choice.

  An elderly Tswana couple that was on the bus with me decided to join me as we searched
  for accommodation close to the rank.They were travelling to Dar-es-Salaam for business.
  We find a taxi but the driver doesn''t speak much English but he sort of understood
  that we were looking for a hotel.

  What happened next sounds like a movie plot! The taxi man is racing through the
  streets like a mad-man and we are trying to tell him to slow down but the language
  barrier is not making things easy.Next thing we know the police are trying to flag
  him down but he doesn''t stop.We are 3 strangers from Botswana in a speeding vehicle
  running from a police chase in Lusaka.At this point,I start thinking about whether
  I told anyone close to me where I was going or that I was currently in Zambia.

  It took him about 30 minutes to lose the police.We are silent and numb at this point.That
  almost went pear-shaped.

  We left Lusaka at exactly 3pm the next day  with a bus that looked like it was ready
  to fall apart.It was carrying too much cargo and the seat were uncomfortable but
  nobody seemed to care.The country side between Zambia and Tanzania is lush and green
  and made the trip more bearable.We arrived in Dar-es-Salam at exactly 10pm the next
  day and I was able to see a bit of the city during the day while waiting to catch
  the 2-hour ferry to Zanzibar.It was also here that I tasted my first coconut water.Through
  Booking.com I found a beach lodge at Jambiani beach.The first thing I did after
  checking in was run to the beach.The last thing I expected was for Zanzibar to look
  even more beautiful than it was depicted on pictures.'
