Title: 'A Hindu&#39;s Eid. '
DateModified: '2018-01-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-hindu-s-eid
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anwesha Banerjee
AuthorCountry: India
Text: As I am falling off the edge of a cliff, deep down to the core of the Earth
  , I shuddered and thumped my feet and opened my eyes to the land I often dreamed
  of . I could not believe my eyes. It was Kashmir which sits on the forehead of India
  like the bindi of a traditional Indian bride. October was pleasant and huge peaks
  surrounded us, somewhere blue with tinges of red and we were covered in cloudy mists.
  I almost misrecognized our tour guide Farooq for a distinguished personality of
  Bollywood, till I came to know of his identity. I could never foresee a strange
  bond of friendship I'd be sharing with him. Farooq said,"Come see Kashmir through
  my eyes!" and his eyes were bright with hope and love but deep as Dal Lake. The
  six days melted like snow exposed to sun rays. Heavy snowfall at Sonmarg and melting
  snow of Gulmarg, my follicles absorbed it all and I did shiver as Kashmir's valleys
  mingled with a new spirit of friendship in me. And then it was the day of Bakr Eid
  also known as Eid ul-Adha when I grew an intimate connection and took a closer look
  at Kashmir. Srinagar was celebrating Eid that day, men in white kurtas, children
  wore new clothes and smiles reaching their eyes. Streets were almost deserted as
  people had been going to Masjid for their prayers. Farooq had us invited to his
  house to celebrate Eid together. Being a Hindu, I never thought of celebrating Eid
  in my life. Warm smiles welcomed us. I could see many faces trying to evaluate our
  story or learn of our friendship. My inquisitive spirit was satisfied as I saw the
  muslims were just another family with red apple cheeks and congenial smiles.Before
  I could utter a word, a hundred dishes flooded in front of me. They had brought
  me custard,apples,apricots,home made cookies and also Gushtaba along with Biriyani
  and a dish prepared with a goat, which was sacrificed as a ritual at their courtyard.
  Lots of words were exchanged but there remained a rift between the two families
  of different religions. And then to their surprise I performed my Hindu obeisance
  and reverence and touched the feet of Grandma, the eldest person of their family.
  She exclaimed with awe,"Girls don't touch feet here!" The circumstances were perplexing
  and I just had to smile, still trying to cope with the thought if what I did was
  appropriate. Silence prevailed  speaking much of the differences of the cultures.
  Grandma kissed my forehead and bid me goodbye, as if she had kissed Kashmir.
