Title: A Journey Into the Unknown
DateModified: '2018-02-05'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-journey-into-the-unknown
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Eugene Lane-Mullins
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'I am a hotelier. A professional hotel manager. Or at least I thought I was.
  It''s amazing how much a profession can define you or be attached to how much of
  what you do represents you. The following story is about how - by taking a step
  back and analyzing this concept - that you may be very surprised by what you find
  out about yourself and how these two worlds are infact very different.


  Two months ago I took a week-long trip to see my family as I was unable to take
  Christmas and New Years off due to manning shortages and demands of a 24-hour hotel
  business (surprise surprise). Leading up to that trip I was frustrated, agitated,
  sleep-deprived and miserable - all of which I am never usually experiencing. I spent
  that quality week with family and friends. It''s amazing how much others can tell
  you about you. I was unaware that over the past few years that I was appearing so
  agitated in my life. I realized that I was trying so hard to be someone I wasn''t
  supposed to be - all because my career was not who I was. What a scary reality!
  An identity crisis that I never thought I would come to.

  I spent this time reflecting and I came to the conclusion - I am going to change
  my career at the age of 35 and venture into ''the unknown''. It''s never too late
  right?


  I returned from Sydney to work in Melbourne rejuvenated and very pleased that I
  had come to the conclusion of such a fateful and fulfilling decision. I have myself
  a few months to sort it out, plan my new venture and give my leave. The following
  week I was made redundant. At first (due to the unexpected nature of it) I was shocked.
  I walked home from work with all of my belongings in hand not understanding how
  this had happened to me. I was a manager for the last 15 years managing over 50
  people and I was the one that was usually dishing out such horrible news to staff
  - not the other way around! What a trip.

  I breathed in (with a beer in hand) and realized that it was a blessing in disguise.
  The universe was telling me that the change had to come sooner. The time was now.
  When the world gives you lemons....


  I am now one month into being unemployed and I haven''t been happier (or slept better).
  I have a new-found passion in educating one''s self, workout, travel and exploration
  and intend on keeping it that way.  I write this from Hong Kong as I am visiting
  family (in-laws) as i wish to spend quality time with loved ones before my next
  adventure.


  I''m on the edge and it''s time to fly. Bring it on.'
