Title: "A lady with a golden heart \u2665 "
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-lady-with-a-golden-heart
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: MANVI  SHARMA
AuthorCountry: India
Text: As a traveller and even worse as a tourist It's very hard to come face to face
  with the normal,day to day life of a place especially with the barriers of language
  and culture. Having been lucky I got to spend some days with a family in Kullu and
  I was more lucky when I witnessed  a wedding  over there..  As said "pahadi Shaadi's"
  are amazing I saw people dancing and performing on their local dongs seeing those
  local dresses and getting to wear them  was great being Kallu famous for its temple
  with them I got a chance  to witness  many I got a learn new culture, new customs,
  new food, and witnessed  an amazing architecture, and nature scenes that were so
  brilliantly  great... With the help  of the family I got to know more  about their
  lifestyle the way for their earnings..  How the man used to go out in the morning
  to there jobs and how the lady of the family cooks first and then leaves with the
  cattle for their food and I'm the mean time collect woods for dinner....  Even some
  work in the factory for the shawls for the hand embroidery which being the most
  famous there... Those 4 days there I not only witnessed these but I got some ideas
  about the places to be visited  nearby about the language and all..  Being a touristu
  gotta travel  so I bid them  farewell.. Little did I know that this experience with  them
  is going to help me in my near future...  It was the second last day of my journey
  where I was supposed to go for trekking  but my bad due to an injury not only I
  was left behind by the other people but I lostt my way too... Then I saw a lady
  there with her herd of cattle.. I talked  to her in the broken language I learnt
  at that local  families and she understood  that I need to go down as I lost my
  way... She helped me not only this but she offered me food at her place and asked
  to spend the night there... Staying with her I realised about the problem the people
  used to face due to the less employment... I helped her in her household work....
  And not only this she taught me the dish of the locals which being so delicious...
  She taught me some of the hand embroidery too... The night was incredible the whole
  night with me she was awake I told her about the city life which she enjoyed I didn't
  wanted to leave but it was morning soon I had to go... I bid her farewell I guess
  the hardest  of all
