Title: A LAUGH IN THE DIN
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-laugh-in-the-din
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jacobo Fe
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'Every breath comes with a peculiar scent; every wink captures a miscellaneous
  mix of colored nuances. Ears and noses have no rest in a kingdom of noises and smells
  while eyes find it impossible to retain in their retina the number of events that
  take place in a juncture. All these sensations are packaged in a many-hued landscape,
  pickled with tons of History etched imperishable into stone and tens of gods that
  linger long after the human flesh rots away. An inflammable tongue is needed to
  savor the regional food, seasoned with spices as a remedy to the heat. Fire to beat
  fire. However, no chili or curry stains the alabaster smiles the locals show, externalizing
  an optimism that gleams more than the Great Mogul diamond, revealing the pale color
  of their souls and the Taj Mahal too. No better armour to face a naked reality that
  becomes hostile when poverty shows up. White teeth stand out on toasted skin, shades
  that go from hazel to coffee; fruits dried by a sun called Garuda. The contrast
  of tones is reflected in a wide range of colorful clothes. The bands of the rainbow
  caught in threads of silk and cotton. Women show off their dresses emulating wings
  of butterflies, while men, like lighthouses, add glossy colors to their heads covered
  by turbans.


  One must be in India to comprehend it, staring at its bowels, not looking at it
  from a distance with a muzzle of prejudices. Getting muddy from head to toe is the
  way to know if this land is to your taste and liking. It is a fruit salad, full
  of juicy diversity. Although certain pieces are not mature enough, one will be fond
  of some bits for sure. No other country can boast of irrigating its roots so well.
  The result is a berry that never dates and contains millions of seeds, the beating
  heart of a nation, a fresh fragrance that maintains its essence hermetic, resisting
  the oblivion time brings. The reason boils down to a paradox: regardless of time
  passing fast, Indians live with no hurry (provided they are not inside cars), assuming
  the inevitable change but not letting down their culture. They know that in the
  domains of chaos peace glows, so they overcome grief with a cup of tea with milk.
  It all comes down to finding any excuse to make the lips work out when the sunshine
  rises behind India Gate. A large smile is a light luggage to carry. Indeed, it is
  the only resource some have to survive in a place where bustle has no cease. Who
  needs the key of happiness once the narrow doors of the mind are wide open?'
