Title: A Lesson in Happiness
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-lesson-in-happiness
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Aris Springs
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'What is happiness? Ask everyone you know and you are guaranteed to get a multitude
  of answers. For me, I always associated happiness with a successful career, a big
  house, and lots of money. Having been raised as a foster child on Guam in several
  homes, I always felt the need to prove my worth to the world. If I could become
  rich everyone would acknowledge me and I''d be happy.  I could buy a nice car and
  own a large house and everyone would see how happy I was. My idea of happiness was
  rooted in proving myself to others and it took me traveling to Thailand to figure
  that out.

  My friend Kevin and I had a whole day to kill in Bangkok before heading to Chiang
  Mai. This was our first time in Thailand, so we were a bit hesitant to go too far
  from the city without knowledge of the area. We asked a couple of people at our
  hostel what would be a good day trip and they suggested Talin Chan, the floating
  market.  "Great idea!" I exclaimed cheerfully.  "It''s not that far either!" So
  we grabbed our backpacks and headed out. After about two hours of trying to locate
  the place, we finally found it.  Talin Chan was amazing! Local delicacies lined
  the street leading to the boats. The aromas from fresh foreign spices and the smell
  of teas filled the air. And that''s when it happened. Between the bodies moving
  about, I saw an old homeless man sitting next to some monks. The old man was dressed
  in tattered clothing and was wearing sandals made of tape and leaves. He sat eating
  and conversing with two monks robed in bright orange. In front of the monks was
  a basket for donations as monks live primarily off of donations from the people.
  I quickly reached for my wallet, pulled out some Baht, and extended my hand out
  to give it to the old man. The old man looked up at me while chewing, put his hands
  together, raised them to his face, closed his eyes, and did a slight bow and said,
  "No no." He then pointed at his food said, "Kap kun krap" which is "thank you" in
  Thai. He then pointed at the basket in front of the monks and repeated his gesture
  of gratitude. I dropped the Baht in the basket, bowed, and continued walking. Never
  before had I seen such a thing. Someone who had absolutely nothing, sitting on the
  ground and being completely content. Of all the times in my life that I''ve seen
  people who were successful and happy with their lives, I have to admit that old
  man and the two monks that I saw were the happiest. That''s when I finally learned
  that happiness comes from within.'
