Title: 'A little journey through memories '
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-little-journey-through-memories
SetInCountry: Kazakhstan
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Tamer  Salama
AuthorCountry: Palestine
Text: 'At the end of 2008 , during the first Israeli war on Gaza Strip, when my mother
  decided to travel to Kazakhstan with me, from the first moment I reached Almaty,
  the city where I was born , I felt an inner feeling that i didn''t feel before .
  I felt that I had come back to the child I thought had changed forever . After my
  Russian culture was mixed with the Palestinian eastern culture, the sense of joy
  that filled me that day can not be described .

  After we arrived in the neighborhood where I grew up during my childhood, everything
  was as I remember it . That simple park with it''s old swings and games . I could
  not believe what my eyes saw when we where walking , the kindergarten and the nursery
  still open and full of kids , the only thing that was changed in it was the outer
  walls of the building''s paint , the small shop at the end of the alley between
  the houses still alive as well , the oak trees have grown a little bit , everything
  was covered with cold white snow , I never thought that a man could come back in
  time through a few broken memories by returning to the same place where he made
  this memories ,when he encounters childhood friends and Memories Partners.

  A few days later we visited the primary school where I studied my first year with
  a friend of mine. I met my teacher, who became the school principal a few years
  after I left , I saw a picture of black and white hanging on the wall in her room
  , she pointed on a child standing next to her and said that was me , I didn''t even
  recognize myself in it ! . We all laughed together and went on a tour of the school
  and while we were walking near the classrooms , every corner of the pass and rows
  returned to me those days I thought had disappeared by time, memories were flowing
  from my eyes and my mind towards my heart As Nicaragua''s raging waterfalls, when
  we got to the art class , my friend headed towards the end of the class to bring
  me a painting I had drawn nine years ago, a visit was full of surprises and I was
  receiving  shocks after the other without stopping.

  The days after were no less shocking or wonderful . Every day I was discovering
  the beauty of this city with my friends and grandmother, the splendor and depth
  of the Soviet culture that the elderly still cling to and pass on generation after
  generation even after the collapse of the Soviet Union years ago, Every people has
  a their own culture that is characterized by its beauty and magnificence that no
  writer can imagine or even describe !'
