Title: A Little Help in Cuba
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-little-help-in-cuba
SetInCountry: Cuba
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Bernard Raynor
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: It began by missing my flight from Miami to Cuba. My phone did not auto adjust
  date and time. That flight had a three hour layover in Atlanta, making it a six
  hour flight total. I called Delta and they said there is only two flights a day
  to Cuba and the other one is leaving now and they can't help me. I said God bless
  you either way to the lady and she said one second. She came back and told me she
  called the gate, got them to wait for me, and got me on a direct, first class flight
  to Cuba for no extra cost. I made it to Cuba with a few drinks under my belt. When
  I got to Cuba I met a cool cab driver and I asked him to take me to a reasonably
  priced hotel. He walked me in because we were buddy buddy at that point. I asked
  for two nights and handed them my credit card. The lady told me that they didn't
  accept card. The cab driver drove me around to find an ATM, but that didn't work
  either. We went to a bank, but no luck. We even tried Western Union and the Intercontinental
  Hotel but to no avail. I only had fifty dollars in cash on me and I told him to
  take the money and let me figure it out. It turned out that there is no way to get
  American money into Cuba. I was going to be broke for the next five days. He wouldn't
  let me go and took me to a building that said apartments for rent. I met a woman
  there and we tried a different way of wiring the money. It didn't work and it would
  have taken five days anyways which is how long I was there for. I started to freak
  out and tell them I would be fine, and the woman started to rub my hair and said
  "tranquilo Bernardo, todo bien," or calm Bernard, its all good. She showed me a
  room and told me I could stay there for my time in Cuba. She handed me three hundred
  dollars and said go explore and see my beautiful country, and let me know if you
  need more. She introduced me to other neighbors in the building. We had dinner together,
  she brought me breakfast in bed, we went out to a jazz club, and I even had a large
  dinner with a bunch of people who lived in the building and made a bunch of new
  friends. When it was almost time to go, she told me that she had a sister who lived
  in Miami, which is where I was returning to. She gave me the name and account number
  of her bank and told me I could deposit what I think I owed them in the account
  when I returned. When I got back, I put in twice what I thought I owed them. This
  was the greatest act of kindness I have ever seen and will never forget her or the
  taxi driver.
