Title: A life changing experience!!
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-life-changing-experience
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Ayush Kumar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I got a chance to travel to Mumbai for a month. It was a business trip so I
  had only weekend to satisfy my inner Hunger for travel. As I landed in Mumbai it
  was Wednesday evening. I quickly looked at Google because I didn't want to waste
  even a single hour. I was given a place in powai, when I googled the nearby places.
  I found Powai lake the best place to visit in a short duration. I walked and followed
  the gps and finally I reached Powai lake. I spent some time there had some food
  at the nearby shop and went back home. Then, I passed 2 days and finally my 1st
  weekend was there. I rented a scooty and use Google to plan my travel. I quickly
  made a list of places ro visit in Mumbai. Hence within Saturday and Sunday, I covered
  the entire mumbai. Then, i waited for another 5 days. After spending 5 days in a
  crowded place, I planned to on a place where I can find some peace away from city
  life. I searched for the place and found Matheran to be my dream destination for
  the weekend. I reached Matheran which was the smallest hill station nearby mumbai
  just 100 kms away. It had soo many places to visit and I loved the idea of coming
  and spending time here. I chose a dometary where i was staying with 2 other people.
  As we had a small talk we became friends. It was 26th of august ( dry day) so there
  was no sign of liquor. But then magic happened and I came to know that they had
  a bottle of tequila with them. I managed to arrange hukaah from the hotel owner
  (who became my friend). Another day we all hugged each other and went to our ways.
  I had to explore Matheran, so i went as per thr plan. After exploring Matheran,
  I was exhausted in the evening and had to go back as the weekend was over now. But
  i had all the memories with me on my camera. Again I have to pass those 5 weekdays
  to get to a new destination. I use to count at end of each day the days left. Finally
  when the weekend was near I started thinking which places to explore now. The filter
  was it should be nearby mumbai i.e within 100km and should be new. I finally came
  up with a place named Alibagh. A place surrounded by beaches. I again booked the
  scooty and went on a 100km ride. I explored the place and nearby beaches and i was
  too tired hence thought of taking a ferry till Mumbai. This was my story which changed
  me. I have never even been to a solo trip. But things happen. I'm glad that my company
  gave me a chance. I've my bucket list ready. Hope, i get an opportunity with you
  people else plan B is ready.
