Title: A Local Is Everything
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-local-is-everything
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Colleen  McGuire
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: The first thing I noticed when I arrived in Spain was the sky. It was consistently
  and brilliantly blue, a fact in September as certain as the rising of the sun.  I
  was relieved to finally be in Spain. After a year of working in Ottawa and living
  with my parents, I was desperate to be abroad, to escape boring Ottawa and explore
  the unknown. At the beginning of my time in Spain, I drifted from city to city,
  staying in hostels. Although it was interesting and exciting, the brief friendships
  I made felt superficial. The big, shiny cities I visited were also impressive, but
  ultimately left me feeling unsatisfied.  My next destination, however, was the obscure
  Igualada, a small city where I would volunteer as a WWOOFer. I instantly came to
  like Adria, the laid-back farmer I would help. The first morning in the bright Spanish
  sun I was able to see the masia, or farmhouse, clearly; a pale white stolid building
  a few hundreds years old, as sturdy and traditional as Catalonians themselves. Everyday
  I woke up to the sun, olive trees lining the wheat fields, Dana the cheerful white
  dog, and always the mystical Montserrat in the distance. But what made the experience
  special was Adria. I learned he had studied biology in Barcelona and had spent years
  doing practicums around the world. Adria shared his enthusiasm for different subjects
  with me everyday. I had never lived in the country before and had always assumed
  it was boring and provincial. But I found being on the farm relaxing, and with Adria
  it was always lively and interesting. When I left to live in Barcelona, I became
  good friends with his girlfriend Estela. I loved her down-to-earthiness and vivacity.
  The two of them were my guiding lights, and strangely, they felt like home. Now
  that I have moved on even from Barcelona, these two friends are even closer to my
  heart. Being let into their life means so much to me. I feel as though I have experienced
  more getting to know two people than if I had traveled to dozens of European cities
  and met hundreds of travelers. I have discovered a new world, with its many shades
  and peculiarities, through building human relationships. Feeling at home with them
  in Catalonia has made me realize that the richness of a place comes from the people
  you know. I now consider Ottawa one of the best places in the world because my family
  is there. The next time I leave Ottawa to travel, I know first look to make friends
  with a local, which is just as exciting as traveling itself.
