Title: 'A Local Evening in Cusco '
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-local-evening-in-cusco
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Marina Pantchenko
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'It was a chilly June evening amid an early sunset under a vast cerulean sky.
  We spent the day exploring Cusco, a city that celebrates its Incan roots, and portrays
  its turbulent colonial past through its architecture and religion. We were famished
  and craving a hot meal in what was the middle of a Peruvian winter and the shortest
  day of the year. We walked briskly through a channel of alley-ways built by the
  Spaniards, when we came across an unassuming store-front advertising traditional
  Peruvian cooking. We tucked inside the dimly lit cafe and sat near an open fire
  blazing in a brick oven.

  We were the only people inside when a young woman offered us a make-shift menu in
  beautifully spoken Spanish. We set it aside and asked for a warm meal, chef''s choice.
  After a few minutes, a woman with silver hair and a floral apron emerged from the
  kitchen to serve us quinoa soup in small clay bowls. She had a smile that was quintessentially
  foreign and warm.  We thanked her as polite guests would do, and began to eat. Despite
  growing up in southern Russia and it being my first visit to Peru, something about
  that soup transported me to my childhood and my grandmother''s kitchen. In a taste
  that defied countries and cultures, it was filled with a rich translucent broth
  and stewed in an aroma of vegetables and quinoa. It was at that instance that a
  simple question transformed us from strangers to house-guests -- "please, tell us
  how you made this."

  The woman smiled and began to explain the recipe. After a few minutes of our struggling
  to understand the names of ingredients, she began to bring out each vegetable and
  set them on our table. We laughed with the mutual acknowledgement that our imperfect
  Spanish required a kindergarten-esque demonstration of show and tell.


  As if the ingredients were the bridge between our lives and hers, the woman began
  to tell us about her family, bringing out her daughter who greeted us earlier and
  explained that she was a student in architecture at the local university. We talked
  about her dreams for her children, Peru, and the recent unexpected election of President
  Kuczynski and what that meant to the future of the country and her fellow country-women.


  Before we knew it, hours had gone by and we had spent an unexpected evening in the
  company of a Peruvian family. What''s more, that evening we were not locals and
  visitors, Americans and Peruvians, we were just a few people in the bliss of one
  another''s company.'
