Title: A memory for ever.
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-memory-for-ever-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Saumyaa Suneja
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Rishikesh, famous for rafting, and I was excited to death. For someone like
  me who is crazy for adventure, this meant a lot. Taking the pieces of equipment
  I went into the raft. The words of the guide felt like guidelines to remain alive.
  Move forward, backward, stay still, hold the ropes, and most importantly, help each
  other.  The still water of the Ganges was easy to handle. It felt like a child's
  play. Then started the real journey. The first rapid. Now that was something! It
  was too much to digest all at once. You're suddenly moving real fast, and the guide
  is shouting directions, and white water is being splashed all over you, and everyone
  is shouting and rowing, and when we finally figured out what is going on, it ended.
  At least this taught us the value of teamwork. We were ready for the next one now.
  Aye captain! But wait! One? No. "There are 7 rapids in the journey, guys. You crossed
  the first hurdle. All the best for the next." Mixed emotions ran through me. Fear
  and excitement. The next two rapids went in pretty much a familiar way. We were
  tired, happy and shivering. Actually, we were grateful for the break between this
  and the next ones as we happily went with the flow in the clear and still waters.
  I wanted to do something different, an experience to take back with me, and then
  the guide's words came out - We could go into the water if we want to. There it
  is. A chance to make this trip even more memorable. Why go mainstream when you can
  do something fascinating and fun? It's just chilly water with deep beds. And this
  trip has to be an experience for life. Well, this was why we came, isn't it? *Deep
  breathing* I can do it and I'll make this worth it! This was the decision that pushed
  me towards the edge. I held the rope on the raft and jumped into the water and Jesus,
  I froze! I was already cold and getting into the river didn't help much. But wait!
  There's more! Where is the ground? No luck. I was floating in those waters. The
  moment took a few of the minutes of my life and gave me memories for eternity. At
  that moment, I actually felt what life is. If nature is the mother and provides
  us everything we need, it can destroy us too. There, at that moment, I was at the
  mercy of mother nature. She helped me float and helped me in becoming grateful for
  this beautiful life which should be lived to its full potential. This decision was
  definitely worth the push. It will always remain the best experiences in my book
  of memories.
