Title: A Mother Is A Mother In Any Culture
DateModified: '2018-01-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-mother-is-a-mother-in-any-culture
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Claire Beath
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: I was working as a Team Leader for Volunteer Programs in Surin, Thailand at
  an Elephant Sanctuary. Myself and the Volunteers were staying in Home Stay accommodation
  with local families from the village. They hardly spoke any English at all but they
  were the most generous and welcoming people. One day we took seventeen young elephants
  out for a walk in the Jungle and later for a swim in the watering hole close by.
  I was feeding two larger elephants as we walked through the jungle and all of a
  sudden I felt the most incredible stinging sensation in my right ankle. As I was
  surrounded by seventeen elephants and sandwiched between two of the larger ones,
  I was unable to scream or see what had actually just stung me! By the time we made
  it back to where we were staying my foot had ballooned to about three times the
  size. Still unsure of what had actually stung me, I took some pain relief and called
  it a night, not feeling to concerned about it. The next morning I woke in a fever
  and my foot was even bigger. I hobbled out and the look on the local women's faces
  said it all. I had thought I was ok until I saw their faces. I must of looked rough.
  Soon I was surround by mothers, getting me ice packs and paracetamol as others tended
  to my giant, enflamed and now infected foot. The woman I was staying with, Achara,
  translated to another person in the village who spoke English that she would take
  me to the hospital. We got to the hospital and I was gradually falling to the fever
  more and more. Unable to walk, I was put into a wheelchair. I found out that I had
  been stung by a scorpion in the jungle, and that my there was poison and infection
  in my foot. They gave me a blood test, antibiotics and cleaned the wound. Achara
  stayed with me and held my hand the entire time. She even bought me a street pancake
  afterwards to make me feel better. Even though neither of us could communicate together,
  that mother instinct was incredibly prominent. Feeling vulnerable and unwell in
  a foreign country, in a remote area, it was so comforting to find support of a beautiful
  woman to step in and be my mum for even just a day.
