Title: 'A moment of spontaneity '
DateModified: '2018-01-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-moment-of-spontaneity-2
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Emily D'Silva
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'After achieving my degree in Computer Animation Arts, I moved back to London
  to enter the vicious circle one faces as a graduate, where no one will hire you
  because you have no experience, but if no one will hire you cannot gain any experience.
  I managed to secure a number of freelance jobs in the film industry, before entering
  a full-time job for one of the leading post-production houses in London. So after
  a year of fighting, I finally had my foot in the door. I thought that was where
  I wanted to be, but I wasn''t being satisfied. Everyone said to me - don''t quit
  until you get another job - but I couldn''t find another job and I was becoming
  more and more miserable.


  Eventually after a year there, I was at such a low point and I had had enough. I
  handed in my notice, and spontaneously booked a one-way ticket to Berlin. I had
  only been to Berlin once before as a child, and I hadn''t spoken any German since
  GCSEs, but I had been pushed to the edge in London and so before overthinking and
  reason took hold of me, I made a split decision to try and emigrate to see what
  life was like elsewhere.


  It wasn''t until I was on the plane about to land that I suddenly realised my plan
  was not thought-through at all, but by that point it was too late. I couch-surfed
  for the first couple of days and somehow, managed to find an apartment to rent by
  the third day. I signed the contract, found a job, entered the Berliner society
  and ended up staying for two years.


  I learned so much while I was there, met an array of interesting characters and
  my eyes were opened by the different culture, lifestyle and community there. It
  was the craziest, most spontaneous decision I ever made, which turned out to be
  the best decision of my life.'
