Title: A Necessary Chrysalis
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-necessary-chrysalis
SetInCountry: Singapore
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Sarah Gorecki
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I once had a theory about travelers being one of two types. The first, commonly
  referred to as "tourists", return from their adventures with souvenirs galore and
  photographs of famous landmarks, similar to those taken by others who visit them.
  The second, seek out mementos through escapades and memories, sans flashy price
  tags. Personally, I felt I belonged to the latter and, though I am ashamed to admit
  it, I was quite arrogant about it.


  By now, it had been a few years since my family relocated to Singapore. Late night
  walks to the Kopitiam for rojak and teh tarik were no longer interesting, favorite
  haunts like Changi Village had become dully familiar, and I instinctively ended
  my sentences with "lah". I was bored. Worse yet, I found myself withdrawing from
  the culture that, I was sure, had nothing more to offer.


  Then a casting call for a reality show caught my attention. The appeal of excitement,
  as well as the carrot of fame and fortune dangling within reach, was too grand of
  an opportunity. I applied immediately. Salvation arrived shortly after, via a telephone
  call to congratulate me on being chosen as a contestant.


  Humility came in the form of nearly being eliminated in the first round.


  Failure has an odd way of motivating, though. It forces one to either surrender
  or be better. Out of it, came a fresh perspective that pushed me to the finals.
  I was given the chance to see places I didn''t know of and be surprised by new experiences
  in ones I revisited. Most importantly, I emerged from the chrysalis I was stuck
  in, with eyes opened to what I had been missing.


  Suddenly, the island I was apathetic towards felt inspiring again. My friendly demeanor
  returned, due in large part to those met through filming; the crew, other participants,
  and all who curiously wandered over during challenges. My social circle increased
  even more every time someone recognized me in the street or commented on the blog
  I started after the first episode aired. When it was time for the finale party,
  I was surrounded by a culmination of friends and fans. As I rode the MRT home that
  night, I realized that I had not only connected locally, but also reconnected to
  my humanity. I felt, as they say, "hen hao".


  Since then, I have reconsidered and formed a different opinion about travelers.
  Now, I see a traveler as anyone who continues to experience life with a willingness
  to be affected and changed, no matter where they are, and regardless of how many
  times they have been there.'
