Title: A New Orleans Lesson in Mourning
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-new-orleans-lesson-in-mourning
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Katya Mazon
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'When I received news of my brother''s passing, the energy that bounced in me
  faded. I forcefully dragged my body into each new day and quarantined myself from
  the world.  There was an impermeable coating around my pain, and I refused to let
  anything in or out.  October loomed with supplemented venom as it reminded me of
  my brother''s birthdate.  With hopes to create a distraction, I planned a trip to
  New Orleans for the Halloween season.  However, as my departure date closed in,
  I began to dread it.  I felt guilty I would be having new experiences while my brother
  would not even experience a new birthday. With significant difficulty, I made it
  to New Orleans. Grieving and being on vacation felt like dichotomies.  My first
  morning in New Orleans; I woke up to the news that the beloved Fats Domino had passed
  away. New Orleans was in mourning, yet I could still feel vibrant energy bouncing
  around. Every night, as the sun set, the music on Frenchmen Street grew louder and
  livelier. Musicians and performers remembered Fats Domino. He was gone but continued
  living in the music that endlessly flowed through instruments and bodies. During
  my last full day in New Orleans, I made my way down to the Bywater District to witness
  Fats Domino''s  Second Line parade. I walked down the street and looked up at the
  palm trees catching the day''s last sun rays. Green and purple beads on a fence
  swayed with bursts of wind. Parasols and a sign that read "All Fats Days" waved
  in front of me. Every colorful movement was a reminder of my brother and his active
  spirit. As my brother began making consistent appearances, it felt as though I had
  gained a travel partner.  I watched as people dance, sang, cried, laughed, smiled,  hugged,
  and celebrated into the night. I began to understand how to heal painful wounds
  through celebration. As I danced, I wiped a tear away. Enjoyment in my life did
  not mean I had forgotten my brother: these were the cracks in which he felt touchable.
  I had wanted New Orleans to distract me from the loss of my brother. Instead, New
  Orleans allowed him to reappear in my life. I felt him in the breeze and saw him
  in the bright colors of costumes, beads, and homes. I remembered him as I, along
  with many others, remembered Fats Domino. Traveling to New Orleans brought me closer
  to my brother. Although the pain of losing him has not disappeared, he has not disappeared
  either. Carlos now exists amongst my memories and with those memories, I celebrate
  him and his life.'
