Title: A Night With Lions
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-night-with-lions
SetInCountry: Kenya
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Ahmer Khan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'On a safari to Tsavo National Park in Kenya, our group of 8, including our
  guide and cook, set up camp in a remote area of the park.  The only reason this
  area was a campground is because of an outhouse as the entirety of its services.  Having
  set up our tents in a small semi-circle with a fire pit near the center, we left
  for the remainder of the afternoon for our hike.  The landscape here was raw and
  bleak, but still lovely and wild.  On our return at dusk, our cook, Simon, prepared
  our meals.  We sat down on rocks and stools to enjoy our dinner.  After some time,
  Simon walked over to the other side of our Land Rover vehicle to grab some items
  from the trunk.  He immediately ran back to our group and with a finger over his
  mouth to warn us to stay quiet, he started ushering us towards  our vehicle as fast
  as possible.  Obviously, we were a bit confused.  He hadn''t said anything to us
  but his facial expression warned of imminent danger.  Our guide, Patrick, also realized
  what was probably going on.  The rest of us obliged quickly and started making our
  way into the safety of our vehicle.  I was the last to step into the Land Rover.  As
  I did so, a terrifying roar erupted out of the night.  It sounded like it was coming
  from just a few yards away.  As it turned out, it was.  About twenty yards on the
  other side of the vehicle, there was a pride of 11 lions resting.  This included
  the dominant male, several females, and a half dozen cubs.  The pride had come to
  this location to be near the watering hole.


  Sitting in the relative safety of our cage, we were now in a conundrum.  This pride
  wasn''t about to go anywhere.  Our tents and gear was already set up, so we couldn''t
  drive to another location.  And obviously, we couldn''t break down the camp without
  becoming dinner.  After a few minutes of deliberation, our guide suggested that
  we back the vehicle up to the fire pit and throw wood into it to increase the size
  of the bonfire.   Then we would back up the vehicle to each tent to let the persons
  climb from the back and into the tent.  It was reasoned that since lions don''t
  like fire and don''t associate tents with prey, that we would be safe.  So, that
  is what we did.  Of course, it didn''t help that every time any of the lions even
  winced, it felt like they were right outside the tent.  Without a doubt, this was
  the longest night of my life.  It also didn''t help that prior to this trip, I had
  read a National Geographic article on the man-eating lions of Tsavo.'
