Title: A night in the belly of the desert
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-night-in-the-belly-of-the-desert
SetInCountry: Palestine
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: amer hijazi
AuthorCountry: Palestine
Text: 'Winds of wind and mud and clothes are raised on a hill in the village of Arab
  al-Rashaydeh east of Bethlehem in the south of the West Bank. Farhan al-Rashaydeh
  is trying to fix a mattress on the roof of his vehicle with a four-wheel drive.


  On the way to the desert, it appears on the horizon among the hills of stagnant
  Dead Sea waters, the lowest in the world.

  Farhan al-Rashaydeh, the local guide, from Rashaida village, whose land to the absolute
  cliff on the Dead Sea accompanied by his brother Mohammed, drove the four-wheel
  drive after 12 journalists, who had come to venture and discover the desert and
  dive through a dangerous road up and down.

  Al-Rashaydeh lives this experience with a number of tourist groups, both Palestinian
  and foreign.

  "We arrived, for the most beautiful areas of the world," Rashaida said, pointing
  to the rocky cliff overlooking the edge of the Dead Sea, while journalists hurried
  to set up their cameras to capture the moment of sunset reflected on the world''s
  most salty sea water.


  The Ministry of Tourism has trained a number of residents of the area, and built
  a hostel and qualify to host tourists and youth groups through programs related
  to the path of Ibrahim Khalil and other routes.

  At the edge of the rocky cliff overlooking the Dead Sea, the head of the Wildlife
  Society, Imad al-Atrash, pointed to the edge of the mountain on the Jordanian side.
  "The mountains were one piece millions of years ago but separated by the great rift."

  The Great Rift, known as the Crater Pit, is one of the common names of a large geological
  fault with a length of more than 6,000 km and a width of 7-20 km. It runs through
  22 countries, from Turkey in western Asia to Mozambique in eastern Africa.

  The highest altitude of the great fault is 1170 meters above sea level near the
  Lebanese Baalbek, while the Dead Sea is the lowest point in the rift and the world,
  where it drops more than 400 meters below sea level.

  The length of the area extending into the destruction pit in Palestine is approximately
  800 kilometers, from Lake Hula in the north to the Red Sea to the south, according
  to Atrash.'
