Title: A night without a home
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-night-without-a-home
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Kevin Claassen
AuthorCountry: Netherlands
Text: 'It all started returning back in Sydney after a 6 week long trip over the eastcoast
  of Australia. I have been trying to look for a job for 2 weeks by now without much
  luck, probably because I am trying to find a sponsorship and not a "backpacker"
  job. After which point I decide to look on my organisations job board and apply
  for a job to rent out camper vans for people on their trip in Australia. The job
  itself lasted a week since I got a better opportunity afterwards, but it was an
  interesting week still..


  Sofar I have been staying in Hostels for most of the time during my trip and continued
  doing that once back in the city, booking hostels every few days in advanced seemed
  to go well, until 1 night everything was full.. literally everything..


  Trying to find a place to stay with friends without luck, telling people on my work
  how I was without home that night, no idea where I would be going. Something unexpected
  happened. A stay in one of the vans on the parking lot of my work was offered to
  me, great of course, I had to go to work the next day, so might as well stay there.
  The van also seemed fine at first. Not really used to sleeping in a van so was quite
  excited for it.

  That night however was less excited..


  Staying in a van on a dark parking space, I couldn''t go outside to go to toilet,
  office was closed so obviously used the toilet in the van. However finding out minutes
  later that the disposal box of this van was never emptied after the last trip, this
  is a normal procedure which we have a list for to check after the clients returned.
  During the night the box got floothed, the toilet was a mess, couldn''t do anything
  until the next morning.


  At 6am barely had slept, my boss was so nice to wake me up (shift didn''t start
  until 2 more hours). Opening the windows and going out of the van I told her what
  happed.. and then my van trip got even better, she said it was my fault and ordered
  me to empty it and clean it... well never again, I can tell you that much!


  It was obvously my first ever night sleep in a van, so by no means it would be fear
  to say that I would never sleep in a van again, but for me, as until that moment
  my backpacking trip had been without too many struggles, this was definitely not
  something I had expected. On the other side, it was an adventure non te less and
  ultimately these things you can''t predict, but that''s also a part that makes traveling
  so exciting. Experiencing things you wouldn''t normally come accross'
