Title: A peaceful moment of pause captured in Gangnam, Seoul
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-peaceful-moment-of-pause-captured-in-gangnam-seoul
SetInCountry: Korea South
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Sarah Caroline Bell
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: Known as a destination to avoid if you're looking for authentic travel encounters,
  Gangnam, South Korea is not a place that brings to mind the depth of meaning that
  travelers seek to find. Gangnam, meaning 'south of the river', is a highly-priced
  segment of real estate that is positioned south of the Han Gang River, Seoul's main
  waterway. I decided to venture into this waterway, as it breaks off into multiple
  little streams and rivers that run through apartment blocks, industrial areas, and
  wetlands alike. Not far from where I am staying is a small offshoot of this waterway.
  To cross this little stream, of a few feet in depth at a glance, you have to cross
  (or as my inner child says, jump!) a series of stones laid out in as a rudimentary
  bridge. I love this aspect of Seoul; almost all small sized waterways can be crossed
  simply by walking across smooth slabs of granite that poke out through the calmly
  flowing water. Last week, I decided I needed to connect with nature once more; there
  is something so grounding about simply standing in the middle of a body of water.
  The last thing I expected was that someone else would already be in my place. I
  stood at the side of the river silently watching as a Buddhist, in their requisite
  winter-weight Buddhist garments complete with traditional hat, was standing on the
  stone in the middle of the river. Also in the river, stood a bird. The person I
  was observing was photographing the bird, who stood in silence almost waiting for
  its image to be captured for posterity. It was an absolute moment of chance for
  me to capture on film, and as all good travel does, it changed my perspective; Gangnam
  really does still have a soul, if only you know where to look.
