Title: A Refugee in London
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-refugee-in-london
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: "M\xF3nica Mota"
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: In 2016, a year after finished my masters in communication, I decided to do
  an interrail in Europe. I had never left Portugal before and to go on an adventure
  all by myself and outside of the country was a real madness. Everything was going
  great until I lost my ID somewhere in Amsterdam (I do not know if it was while I
  was riding my bicycle). In order to continue my interrail to London, I had to travel
  to The Hague to see which solution I had at my disposal. At the Embassy they told
  me that I would have to go immediately to Portugal or pay 150 euros for a temporary
  passport. As I did not want to lose money on the interrail pass, I decided to pay
  the document in order to catch the Stena Line's ship at Hoek Van Holand to Harwich
  in the UK. At the border control, my new temporary passport was transported hand
  in hand by all the people who formed the border authority because apparently no
  one had never seen a passport like that before. They asked me a lot of questions,
  to which I replied that I had lost my ID in Amsterdam and the Portuguese Embassy
  in The Hague had to issue a temporary passport. They thought that I was a refugee,
  with a fake passport, to get inside the UK. They asked me about the letter that
  the Embassy should had given me to report on the loss of the document. I replied
  that I had not and had not been given. They asked me where I was from, where I was
  going and I even had to show my interrail pass so that they could confirm the places
  where I had been. After all seen and reviewed they finally let me enter in English
  territory. The last thing I expected was to be treated as a refugee, after watching
  La Vuelta in Madrid, to be almost assaulted in Marselha and to cross all of Switzerland
  (a non-EU country) without a passport.
