Title: A Saintly Sinner
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-saintly-sinner
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Carla Lottering
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: '"Look, I''m an individualist," says Miguel, grinning as he takes a drag of
  his 10th cigarette of the day. His long black hair blows the hot wind of Mykonos,
  and I smile as I remember our night before. We went dancing and we had so much fun
  we ended up staying until the sun came up. It is now 10 am and we are still in our
  clothes from the previous night, enjoying an espresso ocean side in a small cafe.
  Miguel offers me a cigarette and I take one, light up and inhale deeply. I have
  never been much of a smoker, but since I started my travels I''ve smoked more than
  I could have imagined. I like the catalyzing power of a cigarette. "Sure," I reply,
  "but what about those who sin? Do you allow them a free pass for simply being individuals?"
  I raise an eyebrow at him. He laughs hoarsely and shakes his head. "No Katherine,
  but I allow you one, for you are a travelling sinner, but a saint nonetheless."
  He smiles cheekily at me and I leave it at that as I suddenly becoming nostalgic.


  I was supposed to stay in Greece for a night, after I rescued my sister from yet
  another wild romance she flew over the Atlantic for. The first night we spent on
  the dock of a port, sleeping under the stars in warm air with only our backpacks.  We
  decided then and there that we would not waste our lives on our careers or our love
  lives, we would live. And so we did. We stayed for a week on the exquisite islands
  of the Mediterranean, and swiftly moved on to Oktoberfest in Germany and touring
  the Netherlands on bicycles. Our two night stay became a six week adventure, which
  was the last thing I expected. Another thing I did not expect was to fall in love.


  I fell in love with the tragic history of Santorini and its now thriving city. I
  learnt to love the cuisine of Germany and the many taste experiences it had to offer.
  I stepped out of my comfort zone and tried many things in Amsterdam which I could
  hardly remember the next day. I became a different person in each new city I found
  myself engrossed in. I became each culture, language and style of the places and
  people I was surrounded by. It was exhilarating.


  Miguel and I walked along cobble road leading to a food market in Mykonos, breathing
  in hot salty air and reminiscing of our time together. I reach for his hand and
  I smile as he reluctantly takes it. Another love I can add to my list is the love
  of life that dawned upon me suddenly and sweetly. I have always believed somewhere
  sinners will find their way, and I found mine travelling.'
