Title: 'A Spectrum of Travel '
DateModified: '2018-02-08'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-spectrum-of-travel
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Michelle Ochoa
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I have probably seen things few people have seen. Those things include deep
  water crafts and spaceships. I was in New Mexico for the emergency landing of the
  Space Shuttle, and I have seen stars from telescopes and observatories all over
  the world. I sat in a pilot simulator as a small child, locked in a box which was
  the first glimpse of video games, as they taught pilots how to fly. My Father would
  be on the radio, trying to convince me to land after flying and for some reason,
  though I could fly, I could never land it and the simulator would crash realistically
  jolting my strapped in little body around, like a doll in a skidding, em-blazed
  plane. I took a cargo plane to Spain and was able to go into the cockpit where they
  let me push buttons, but not the one I wanted to push. While I have appreciation
  for the diversity of my experience, as I have become older, I have also learned
  to appreciate the naivety of it. Troubling to me though, how some people were treated
  as less, especially when taking the city bus across Austin, Texas to go to the North
  end. The people of the streets were interesting to me, and I was not afraid to talk
  with them. They had all come from a place where they were once happy and had been
  met with some obtrusive tragedy. I met an old man from Mexico who lived in a shack,
  who went out of his way to protect me from the prying eyes of the gruff young vatos,
  threatening their lives if they touched me. I could understand this though he never
  spoke a word of English. It was all in his demeanor and in the respect he commanded
  from them. I met a middle aged woman who lived under the clutches of an abusive
  husband, but she was the first person to care enough to try to teach me how to cook.
  I knew that appearances were much more important to my parents than they were to
  me, and this brought me to a conjunction, at a young age. In these places, where
  tough love doesn't exist, I saw a great amount of pain and suffering, but I would
  rather stand by many of them than I would a false flag waving it's pride, who did
  not hold true to their moral codes and values they attested to. There are two worlds
  going on out there, and in here, one is blinded, and one is unjust. I will never
  forget what I have seen and understood. I have seen things no one would want to
  see, but yet I still see the beauty in it all. If we do not make the deep connections
  intended for a lifetime, then we are missing out in the true purpose of life.
