Title: A Strangers&#39; Gift
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-strangers-gift
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Krystal Strunc
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Thailand, a land where the senses are captivated and expectations are blown
  out of turquoise blue water. As newlyweds, my husband and I vacationed in Koh Samui,
  an island swimming with multiculturism, welcoming faces and endless adventures.
  An expedition to a string of islets captured our attention. Our vessel was surprisingly
  all couples, most of whom were newly married, from different countries speaking
  unique languages.

  True beauty surrounded us as we snorkeled through an underwater jungle of tropical
  fish and dangerous spiny sea urchins. We kayaked from one secluded beach to another,
  and climbed a vast stream of stairs to savor the view of a stunning emerald lagoon
  settled in the bed of an untethered isle. Massive gray clouds billowed above as
  we raced through sea-green waters. Right as we could smell the rain, it began to
  fall.

  Two willowy fishermen bustled me up a lofty overhang and I started down the path
  towards a covered gathering place. Handmade seashell wind chimes and terrariums
  danced around the perimeter on wooden poles. Intense aromas filled our noses to
  announce hospitable locals carrying in large serving bowls. We were famished; our
  plates emptied as quickly as they had been filled.

  Following the banquet, our captain took us by surprise, navigating towards a gorgeous
  stretch of lush white beach. Cliffs entrenched in thick vines of lush tropical forests
  concealed our oasis. The pure eminence hindered my attention to the volleyball net
  further up the beach, but my competitive spouse instantly recognized the sport.
  I relaxed on the sidelines and three young women, whose partners were also absorbed
  in the game, sat beside me. We had lightly communicated throughout the day, but
  language barriers had deflated conversations. In this hour, however, we had time
  to open up and share our experiences. It was a rare blessing to convene with these
  women, and even with a stumbling dialogue, it remains a powerful memory. They originated
  from Rome, Portugal, and Venezuela, but they had all traveled abundantly and seen
  large chunks of the world.

  As I struggled to refrain from comparison, something unexpected happened. The need
  to travel overwhelmed me. From this moment, I began to crave meaningful conversations
  with people all over the globe. I realized that by initiating exploration and consciously
  selecting fresh perspectives, I can become the person I am meant to be. These three
  strangers gave me more insight into myself than I had ever thought possible.'
