Title: A Summer Lover&#39;s First Winter
DateModified: '2018-02-05'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-summer-lover-s-first-winter
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Abby McNeill
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: Australia is one of the few countries that don't experience what the rest of
  the world would call a real winter. I grew up on the beach with year round sunshine,
  . The movies had taught me what I thought winter was all about; snow, skiing, igloo's,
  sleds, huskies, building snowmen.. As the spontaneous and nomadic person I am, I
  found myself agreeing to spend a full winter season in a very small town nestled
  in the mountains of Canada. As winter crept in and the temperature began to creep
  below 0 degrees celsius , I soon realized I had no idea what winter was. Wearing
  crampons to walk to work, my nose hairs freezing as soon as you walk outside soon
  became part of my daily norm. I bought my first coat, my first pair of thick insulated
  winter boots, my first pair of mittens. Negative 30 degrees celsius days began and
  I was introduced to a whole new world of frozen waterfalls and trees completed buried
  in snow, walking became tough and I would sink into the ground. My summer loving
  self didn't know if I could make it through without finding a new passion. Winter
  sports and activities were challenging as for the people around me, winter sports
  were second nature. "What do you mean you don't know how to ice skate, or ski!?"
  I attempted to learn cross country skiing, and this resulted in me covered in snow
  with a numb body. Luckily snow creates a nice crash pillow. With every new winter
  activity I tried, I felt every more disconnected from the world I was in as I couldn't
  keep up with anyone else in it. On a beautiful blue bird day, I was laying on my
  couch contemplating leaving the mountains and returning home. I scrolled through
  instagram, looking at the pictures of the beaches and summer days from all of my
  friends back home. A message from a friend came through that possible changed my
  whole winter experience. It read - "I am SO jealous of you... Seeing your pictures
  of you trying all these new activities is amazing and looks like so much fun. I
  wish I could try it too." It was then that I realized of the amazing opportunity
  I was having. Despite everyone in my current world being great at all winter activities,
  there are hundreds and thousands of people in the world who will never experience
  these things, and here I am trying and learning new skills. From that moment onwards,
  I was dedicated to pushing myself and to be completely involved in learning new
  winter activities no matter how long it takes me to master them. Thats what traveling
  is all about!
