Title: A trip not to Paris, please
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-trip-not-to-paris-please
SetInCountry: Netherlands
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Eva Miranda
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'Exicetement. That was the feeling. My state of mind. I was in the taxi going
  to the station, about to travel out of Spain. I had never left my country until
  that moment, and I was going to the city of my dreams, Paris. The taxi stopped and
  I paid and ran into the station. There wasn''t any second to lose, I was in a hurry,
  the bus would leave at 2 o''clock so I only had a few minutes to find the gate.

  When I found it, I saw the bus leaving. At that moment I felt as if all my emotion
  left, and I shrank into myself from shame, rage and impotence. But then I thought
  ''it''s the first I decide to travel, I''m not going to give up'' so I search for
  other options. There wasn''t any transport available that I could afford, but then
  I remembered that my mum has always told me stories about how she used to hitchhike
  to one place or another. Once I made the decision, I walked to the road and I waited
  with the big toe raised. I had to wait for a while since someone stoped. A blue
  old car. The driver lowered the window and told me ''I''m going  to Bourges, France,
  do you want a ride?'' ''Yes, please'' I answered.

  There I was, in a car with a complete stranger. ''So where are you going? Nowadays
  people don''t usually hitchhike, I thought it went out of fashion some years ago''
  he asked smiling. I explained him what happened and we continued talking during
  the hours of the journey about almost every topic you can imagine. He was a really
  nice person, and it turns out that he used to live in Bourges, but he moved to Spain
  with his wife, and now he''s going to a family dinner that they do every year. And
  he told me he was happy to find me, because if not, the journey wouldn''t have been
  that much entertaining.

  The time arrived, I got out of the car and stayed in the gutter waiting for another
  car to stop. This time I didn''t have to wait a lot. A big black car stopped and
  the woman inside told me she was going to Amsterdam and if I wanted her to give
  me a ride. I stayed there thinking, arguing with myself. ''Yes please'' I said a
  bit scared because of this change, but this trip was about that, risking. That woman,
  after speaking a while, turned out to be a wonderful person. She started a business
  from nowhere, and it''s all eco-friendly. And after fighting against all kinds of
  adversities, now she is a successful woman who is going to an important meeting
  in Amsterdam.

  And now here i am, in Amsterdam, after meeting two beautiful people living the adventure
  of my life.'
