Title: '&quot;A trip within a trip&quot;'
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-trip-within-a-trip
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Markham Badim-Jenkins
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Our soul is like an onion. Their are many layers deep within. In order to find
  your true self you must peel back these layers one by one. I have recently in the
  past three years become a spiritual and scientific person. I spend a lot of time
  getting in touch with myself through the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and my profession
  which is photography. I try my best to travel the world and photographing its wonders
  while training at local academies. A new found brother of mine who I will give the
  name Tobias took me to a secluded forested beach in south Miami and gave me 5 grams
  of "Golden Teacher" mushrooms. Please, I urge you to read my story with an open
  mind and not jump to your own conclusions. Have you ever truly seen the color of
  a cloud? Clouds are what we believe to be as white. But they are actually magenta.
  Our eyes close down the amount of light allowed in when it is very bright and thus
  we loose some of the color spectrum. When their is a lot of reflection, especially
  coming off a cloud we see white. But the mushroom allows us to truly see with our
  heart and our soul. What I saw that day was the earth in all its truest and purest
  beauty through the expansion of the mind. I saw sand for what it truly was. Sand
  is thousands of years of mixed earth that has compressed and collided with itself.
  Each granule represents time and space. You would think that the distance between
  one grain of sand and the other next to is small. But when your mind is open their
  is a galaxy in between them. During this trip within a trip, I finally understood
  why man would want to send a rocket into space. Because when life gets to easy we
  lose the sensation of fear. Thus we must push ourselves to feel fear again. Fear
  keeps us alive. On this trip, for the first time since I was a small child I felt
  true fear. The rush of adrenaline heating my body from within and my breath rapidly
  increasing as I engulfed air like a baby breathing for the first time. The sun and
  the clouds melted into the sand and the ocean all became one. My sight had become
  hyper sensitive. Each line in the palm tree I rested against grew upward and downward
  like veins in the body sending nutrients throughout its system. Everything on the
  earth breathed in and out in unison with my soul and for the very first time I had
  no sense of self. My ego was dead and all that was left was gratitude. Gratitude
  for winning the lottery of life being able to see the world with my heart. I took
  the ethereal plunge.
