Title: A visit to my aunt.
DateModified: '2018-02-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-visit-to-my-aunt
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Neeraj Chhetri
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was in last summer,i visited my home in Dooars. My place is  usually about
  beautiful Tea Gardens, landscapes, and beautiful people. Before coming home, my
  parents informed me about a kid, who had escaped from her home and came to live
  with us. I was curious about this kid who was just ten years old, yet decided to
  abandoned her house and go somewhere to live. But why? I reached home, and to my
  surprise, the kid was really extrovert and came up to me happily and started the
  conversation. "Are you hungry" she asked me, and then she answered it herself "my
  granny has cooked some delicious foods for you,she was really excited to see you"
  she giggled. The thing that caught my attention was when she said "My granny" (denoting
  my mother). I was surprised to find someone being close to my parents in just about
  one month. I talked to my mother about this kid, she informed me that she had runaway
  from her home in nearby village and came to our home randomly one night,hungry and
  thirsty. Next day, when my parents went to her house to talk to the kids parents,they
  said, it was difficult to look at all their kids and their poverty was killing them.
  Asking the kid, she said, i want to go and stay with them(my parents),they at least
  have food. So that's how this kid was our family now. But the last thing i expected
  was to never hear something that i already knew, from this little human. But one
  day, she herself started narrating her stories to me. About her younger brother
  and how he died on trying his dads alcohol when her dad had left it carelessly open.
  Also, how his father would get drunk everyday,hitting her mother and abusing recklessly.
  Not earning a penny and snatching money from his wife that she managed to earn it
  working here and there. This little ten years old use to "COOK" for her younger
  siblings and do household chores as well and then go to school. My heart was beating
  in pain on listening her and asking god if this was necessary. And one day, when
  her father came up to her to hit her as well, she ran away with fear and decided
  to never go back to her house. My parents were happy to take care of her and send
  her school everyday like they did to me and my sister, feed her some good food and
  give her life lessons in little ways like they did to us. Now my parents were focused
  upon her other siblings and were trying to figure a way out to help them as well.
  My parents will make the best out of her i knew. I pray, no other kids suffer from
  what she did.
