Title: A way to my IN-TURN-SHIP
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-way-to-my-in-turn-ship
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: vishakha tak
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Its the time when I was on my internship in north-east of India. As I was so
  exited about my solo trip I had pre engaged my all dates with some or other adventure.
  While working there I was asked to have a weekend off, which was unplanned so I
  planned to visit Manipur. I took a day to reach Manipur. Only transport to travel
  there was by a wringer car. Roads where ruined it was to horrible but when I look
  towards window the view was mind blowing. I forgot about the roads and enjoyed the
  scenery. Clouds where on the road and all over the fog that was so beautiful that
  it didn't allowed me to move eye. After 20 hours of journey finally I reached to
  my destination. Before travelling I made contact with my organisation so that I
  can get a host there so my mentor provided me a number so I called him up his name
  was Hejang. When I finally reached there I called him up so he made an arrangement
  for my stay. Next day morning hejang invited me to visit local market. Imphal is
  a place where you can find many interesting places and has its own history. A market
  named Emma market which is run by women it is worlds largest women market. There
  you can find many things regarding cloths, food, accessories and many such things.
  I purchased Fanik ( there local clothing material ) without having any idea of wearing
  it. I asked  emma for helping she was so happy to serve me and surprised about an
  outsider is asking for there cloths. She taught me how to wear it. Market was to
  huge and attractive it was filled with many interesting facts. That in Manipur economic
  growth is handled by women. Priority of any decision is provided to them. There
  I got to know about the other side of coin. In India such place exist which every
  girl dream for. Rich culture with diverse situation, can't imagine such combination.
  It is also served with rich heritage the Kangla museum speck about it's history
  by it self. The monuments were so eye catchy, every element was having their own
  story. People in Assam told me many things regarding Manipur and there civilians.
  Those people are not having positive attitude towards people leave in Manipur. There
  are many faces in world. Everyone is obsessed about what they have but never want
  to see the aspects. Alike everyone I made my mentality about people leave in Manipur
  but when I had conversation and came in contact with them then I realized the reality.
  While a story is introduced only one face kept in front so people will not judge
  by hearing it.
