Title: A World Between
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-world-between
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Lisa Street Rogers
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Four years in and my initial feeling of awe hadn''t changed, I lived in a fairtytale
  world replete with 1,000 golden spires. At dawn under a rosy sky, Prague became
  otherwordly. Some may call Czech Republic, formerly Czechoslavakia, Eastern Europe,
  but don''t do it within earshot of a Czech. I learned not to when schooled by a
  student of mine that Austria was located more eastern than they were. "We are Central
  Europe", they''d say and it is a strong point of contention to disagree.


  Prague is a juxtaposition of two worlds - where elements of East touch West and
  a cloud of head down culture still prevails. The city boasts the most Catholic churches
  per capita, yet over 95% claim Atheism. It is a melting pot of cultures, perhaps
  due to the influx of expats to teach English and the global businesses who choose
  to call Prague their home headquarters. Crime is relatively low, except for pickpockets
  who must salivate at the large fanny packs of tourists golden zippers gleaming in
  the sunlight just asking to be pulled. I was there to teach English, but I saw this
  world through the eyes of a writer. When I wasn''t teaching, I wrote, read, and
  immersed myself in the day-to-day Czech life.


  When a four-week course turned into a four year stay, the last thing I expected
  was to be mistaken for a Czech person. But, it happened one night at a company dinner.
  For one year, I didn''t teach. I worked for a tech firm first in the finance department,
  then in the HR department. I was the American, the native English speaker who understood
  the Czech culture, its history, and its language. I was an anomaly to most and at
  that company dinner, we''d gathered a number of our global colleagues in celebration.
  I sat across from other Americans and next to Czechs. I was the one explaining lingo,
  history, culture, and speaking to Czech colleagues in their own tongue. When I returned
  from a quick tete-a-tete with my boss, I was surprised to find my American counterpart
  exclaiming "You''re not Czech!" holding my decidedly un-European placecard toward
  me. "I know," I replied. "But, you speak the language, you know the history..."
  "Yes. I''ve been here nearly three years. I like to immerse myself in the culture
  and at the end of the day, I''d like to speak to my friends in their own language,
  rather than expecting them to speak in mine."


  A year later, I was at another party, speaking to a new friend. She asked where
  I was from and was astonished when I said U.S. But, you sound Czech! I smiled.'
