Title: A year in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/a-year-in-the-favelas-of-rio-de-janeiro
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Afonso Matos Ferreira
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'A year ago I decided to embark on what would become one of the biggest and
  most dangerous adventures in my life. This adventure began when I decided to study
  architecture for a year in Rio de Janeiro.

  At first when I arrived, my thoughts have always been to stay away from the favelas
  because of their extreme violence, until the day i had the opportunity to visit
  one and get inside of the kind of life in the favelas. Since that day i found out
  the real Rio de Janeiro and not the one from the postcards. In that same day i went
  to my house in Ipanema to pick up my stuffs and move to the Vidigal Favela for one
  year. That was the day where the biggest adventure in my life until now started.
  In this year i have been there i saw how hard is live inside there, deal everyday
  whit gunshots, police, drug dealers, but when i saw to how amazing is living inside
  there! Since the first day i move there i was part of the Vidigal family, where
  everyday i receive an invitation for a barbecue, where every morning my neighbour
  " shrimp" and my Vidigal dad was going going to my house to drink a coffee whit
  me. I had the opportunity to go to the real baile funk in the favelas and after
  i start living here i had the courage to go and entry in the most dangerous favelas
  in rio. I make friends for life and i lived the true Brazilian experience. This
  experience really change my life and how happy can be someone whit out nothing.
  In this moment if i have to to come back to Rio and live there i definitely choose
  a favela to live. In this moment after this adventure i can say a favela is not
  dangerous, actually is the only place where u are safe from the real thieves.'
