Title: Across the continent in 18 days
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/across-the-continent-in-18-days
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Sonja  Vangjeli
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: The end of my time living in Boston had come to an end, and although I had traveled
  more in the past four years than my entire life, I still felt like I didn't really
  know the US. I had flown across the country many times, from city to city, from
  airport to airport, feverishly photographing aerial cityscapes, suburbs, and rural
  communities from the air after takeoff and before landing, but I still felt like
  I didn't really know the American landscape in between. As a recently graduated
  Landscape Architect from an American school I didn't feel right about that. So as
  my final trip before returning home to Canada, I decided to take the train across
  the country from Boston to New York, to Washington, through West Virginia, Ohio,
  stopping in Chicago, Denver, Salt Lake City, Sacramento, San Francisco, Portland,
  Seattle, up to Vancouver. I decided this in only a couple of days. I planned to
  travel alone, and was slightly nervous about the endeavor, imagining the trains
  to be deserted except for the few sketchy characters, but armed with my 3 week rail
  pass I set out on the journey, with the hope of finally getting to know the American
  Landscape. The last thing I expected was the amazing experience train travel really
  is in the US. The trains were packed, with vacationers, Amish families travelling
  across the country, elderly couples, young people doing what I was doing, foreigners,
  the whole range. The landscapes went zooming by the tall picture windows, like a
  continuous experiential section through the continent. It took me 18 days to make
  the trip with some short stops along the way, and I have to say I gained a new appreciation
  for the North American continent. The vast expanses of desert, the geologic formations
  of the Rockies, the gushing Colorado river, the endless sagebrush and the muted
  colours of the landscape are etched in my memory. It really put things in perspective
  for a city dweller and urbanist like me. Immersed in our urban lifestyles cities
  seem ubiquitous environments stretching across the whole continent. In reality cities
  are like small dots in the grand scheme of the continuous landscape, with miles
  and miles of agriculture, industry and nature in between - the landscapes that sustain
  our urban lifestyles. It was truly humbling to see the vastness of the American
  landscape, from the intimacy of the ground rather than up in the air.
