Title: adventuresboy&#39;s adventure
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/adventuresboy-s-adventure
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: sumit kumar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: once i was decided to do part time job after my collage time. i got job it was
  a mobile sim communication company where they fill the forms.. so it was first day
  my timing was 6 pm evening to 2 am night.i went to the office for work. i was excited
  cause i was got job and i thought i can buy anything for me now while getting salary.
  so i went over there and i did alot of work. i was tired at 12 am was hungry to.
  i got break and went to the burger shop i was shoked that shopkeeper was available
  there that time. well i had burger and there i got friend he was to good he was
  with me he told me that how to work an all. well after that was on the way of office
  after break. are was to horrible at midnight i visioned that time that something
  will happen road was to silent nobody was there.well i love to travel at midnight.
  we went to the office and shift was going to off at 1:30 am i was ready to come
  back to home my new friend was with me he asked me how you come? did you have any
  vehicle? i told him no i came by the taxi. he said lets go i will drop u to stop
  where you can get auto or taxi i said ok. suddenly weather brings with fast wind
  it was storm and suddenly raining he dropped me over there and i was waiting for
  the taxi it was to horrible with windy weather and rain. rain became davil that
  time. tree was fall down with thunder wind i got taxi and i was wet i feel cold
  and got taxi and road was full of water it was like  tsunami no light only rain
  and wind really horrible it was. finally i reached to stop taxi man dropped me before
  the stop cause of road blockage. from there i started walk environment was to silent
  and i was scared i can murdered but thank to god he saved me and i walked and i
  can heard my feet noice i feel that someone is with me. i reached to the street.
  street was full of water. i took of my shoes and hold them to my hand and move ahead.
  it was really horrible i passed that water and finally i came back to the home.
  my mom my father was worried about to me they told me that they are trying to contact
  to you but phone was unavailable cause of weather. i came back to home and dad said
  no to job. and left the job from the first day i started. ...thank you so much i
  wish you will like this story there are alot of things happened with me. i wish
  to travel with real adventure with trevel show an all.
