Title: Adventure Spirit
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/adventure-spirit
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: "Fernando Meri L\xF3pez"
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'Eduardo began to explore inwardly what were the sensations that were fully
  satisfactory in his relationship with the world,and found a response in the marine
  nature.

  His passion is the words united, the words that connect form the restlessness and
  feelings that he has and that move him, and finally found an opportunity in Hawaii,
  where he could use his ability to tell different stories, whether of its native
  people, the extraordinary fauna that inhabits it and another

  Eduardo began his work in a company that offers adventure experiences that allows
  visitors direct contact with the marine nature, as well as sighting closely the
  majestic cetaceans and marine animals that are in the vicinity of these islands,
  Eduardo started working telling the stories that happen there, the stories of people
  who come to live a great adventure end up connecting with the stories of the cetaceans
  that live there, all beings, humans and animals, are totally connected by the magic
  of the island. Step by step Eduardo was consolidating his work in the transmission
  of the stories lived and felt in Hawaii.

  While Eduardo made his dream of working by writing in a place worthy of being called
  paradise come true, he was getting to know the island, his people and those places
  of enormous beauty. Eduardo was amazed by the stories that the native islanders
  tell him.

  Ke ali is the forged friendship that introduced Eduardo to know all those aspects
  of the island, he began as his guide on the island, a guide who works in the same
  company as Eduardo and finally become friends.

  Eduardo was showing in each new story that told the love he was beginning to feel
  for those islands and how his philosophy and way of life transmitted what life in
  his country of birth did not, his stories were becoming popular in Internet and
  even published three compilation books of stories of people of all kinds who live
  and visit the islands and the animals that inhabit them.

  A few months after settling down, Ke ali invited him to a family meal, so that he
  knew the whole family, and that day he met a cousin of his, Vaitiare. In some occasions
  Vaitiare accompanied Eduardo to see the wonders of the islands.

  In those islands Eduardo finally found the professional vocation of his life, the
  love and an incredible family.'
