Title: Afghan ice cream, or why I hate terrorism
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/afghan-ice-cream-or-why-i-hate-terrorism
SetInCountry: Russia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: vsevolod bolshakov
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: 'Being in tajikistan, I could not help glancing at least to Afghanistan. Needless
  to say, this is rather difficult for Russians. But, I''m not looking for easy ways.
  After reading on the Internet, that there is an opportunity to get to Afghanistan,
  having received a visa at the border in the city of Pamir, I did not pull. I packed
  my suitcase, and set off. Very quickly, I found a consulate. In addition to me,
  there was a rather interesting guy in the consulate waiting for him, talking a bit,
  he told that the heroin was being exported, but about this story some other time.

  To speed up the solution of my visa issue, I had to pay a consul, a small amount
  of money, in the amount of 50 dolars.

  Further, when the visa issue was resolved, the next question was, how do I get there
  ??? The plane was not only expensive, but at that time it was a rather risky experiment.
  A couple of months before, the city of Kunduz, which is not far from the border
  with Tajikistan, was released from the Taliban. Why not? I thought, and went to
  the border. Having crossed over to the side of Afghanistan, the representatives
  of the migration service talked to me, they were not interested in how much money
  I had, but whether I have something tasty for them. I answered at once - no. After
  that I was immediately released. Taking a taxi, I went to Kunduz, drove without
  incident. The problems started when I was looking for a hotel for overnight. It
  was already getting dark, and as it turned out, the Taliban still attended the city.
  Employees and hotel managers, refused to accept me, stipulating that if the Taliban
  know that I have them, they will kill not only me, but also those who nobly allowed
  me to spend the night in my hotel room. After 10 attempts, I found a place to sleep.
  It was a small hotel, from where I was forbidden to go out. There I was brought
  food, and new clothes, so that in me no one recognized the tourist on the street.
  As for the ice cream? Yes, this is a very interesting fact, in Afghanistan it is
  simply adored. Up to the point that every 500 meters, you can find a restaurant
  with this dish. Which for my taste, really worthy of the hotel history ..'
