Title: Agony of roads
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/agony-of-roads
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Priyansh Tomar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The trek to the Indrahar Pass is part of the ancient route connecting the Kangra
  Valley to The Chamba Valley. It is ofen reffered as a tributary of the ancient Silk
  Route extending from China to Europe. This ancient route starts from Mcleodganj,
  capital of the Tibetian government in exile in Kangra Distric of Himachal Pradesh,
  India. The native tribe of this area the Gaddi Rajputs carry their goods and sheeps
  from Kangra to Chamba via this ancient route from past thousand  years. This glorious
  history of this ancient route and the picturesque Dhauladhar mountains have made
  this trek very tempting and exciting.


  The trek starts from The village Dhramkot(2100m) in Mcleodganj. We have to trek
  10km to reach the first halt at Triund(2900m). The trek passes through the Alpine
  meadows, Dence forest and trail of Glaciers. Triund is located on the ridge below
  the Dhauladhar range, which offers you the picturesque view of the Dhauladhar range.




  Triund is the base camp for many peaks located on Dhauladhar. From Triund you have
  to trek 6km to reach the Snowline glacier located at Ikaqa(3600m). The trek from
  Triund to Snowline is of modrate level.


  From Snowline Glacier we have to move to Indrahar pass,The trek from Snowline glacier
  to Indrahar pass(4500m) is a straineous trek, which include a steep ascent on the
  glacier and a breathlessness climb over the Dhauladhars. Lahesh caves on the way
  can act as another halt.


  The indrahar pass top(4500m) offers one of the rare combinations of one of the best
  views of the world and being in no condition to enjoy it, as there is very less
  oxygen present at 4500m.You can see Manimahesh Kailash peak and amazing Pir Pinjal
  range from the top. The wether is very unpredictable at the top,it is adviced to
  leave the top before




  The decent from the indrahar pass is steep, which will take you to another halt
  at the village of kuwarsi in Chamba distric .From kuwarsi we get an motorable road
  to Chamba, the distric headquarters of chamba distric, which ends this  trek to
  the ancient himalyan route.

  This treck was something which I will not forget for a very long time in my life.As
  this was my first solo treck since I have to forget one very important thing that
  while been on to the route to indrahar I lost the way  and it was dark there .That
  moment was something like horrific to me as it was the Himalayas I have bee facing.
  But somehow I managed to keep my self motivated to not to let go of my aspire to
  experience something like that.'
