Title: Alone.
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/alone
SetInCountry: Israel
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Jovana Miljanovic
AuthorCountry: Serbia
Text: Have you ever wondered what it feels like being homeless on a New Years Eve?
  I certainly haven't. It is not like you dream about that or know what you would
  do until it happens. It was a snowy December of 2011 and I was studying abroad in
  the United States. During the hollidays, the campus was closed and I decided to
  visit a friend of a friend in California. I had no idea what I was getting myself
  into, but when I landed on LAX and a girl came to pick me up with two drunk guys
  I immediately knew that I was getting myself into trouble. I just couldn't imagine
  how far it would go. These were the worst days of my study abroad experience because
  I learned the hard way not to be so openminded and openhearted because other people
  are not wired the same way as you are. Long story short, she was bullying me, making
  my every day a living hell and I had absolutely no one to call and nowhere to go.
  My holiday allowance was mostly spent on a plane ticket from New York to Los Angeles
  and I didn't have much more than for food during my 3 weeks of my time away from
  campus. I had no idea the things would escalate as far as she kicking me out on
  the street on New Year's Eve. It was 6 pm and I was on the street, afraid, scared,
  angry, and very sensitive because I was spending hollidays far away from my friends
  and family. I had no heart to tell them what kind of traumatic experience I was
  going through because it would break their heart and they couldn't do anything to
  help from Serbia. I had to pull myself together and tell myself it is all going
  to be ok in the end. Luckily I've had my pen and journal with me and I opened it
  on the page where the quote from the Little Prince was reminding me to stop and
  smell the roses. There were no roses around me but seeing this reminded me to go
  from my head into my heart where I no longer felt as lonely. I actually quite liked
  the person I was alone with, myself. I reminded her that this is just a glitch in
  the road, that she is brave and she will be ok in the end. That travel is all about
  getting lost and finding yourself over and over again. That sometimes you need to
  tap yourself on the back when no one else is there to do it for you. I ended up
  sleeping in a hostel room on a bunk bed, listening to Lana Del Ray and waking up
  at 6 am the next day. It was January 1st after all and I was not going to miss the
  opportunity to start fresh and kickstart my New Year's Resolutions, no matter what.
