Title: Amazement is Home
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/amazement-is-home
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Giancarlo Bonilla
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I have seen water every day since I was born, but that moment felt as if I
  were getting to know the vital liquid for the first time. Rain was getting us soaked,
  but that was not it. I kept looking at the mountains far from us, how they seemed
  to breathe and give the wind its own rhythm. I could see the clouds, the sky above,
  and could not help finding the grey and green landscape both impressive and imposing.
  I inhaled deeply as I kept on walking until I suddenly looked down. And I could
  only stare at the ground beneath my feet, moving along with the feeling of treading
  on a sacred place. "Hierve el agua" is still part of the home belonging to an indigenous
  community, which adds to the feeling of being a trespasser. Looking at the petrified
  waterfalls renders the idea of time passing in a different frequency: Its rhythm
  stops with silences that are not pauses but elongations of every heartbeat. Those
  are the emotions surrounding a simple walk to the edge of the cliff.

  I had been sitting for a little over an hour inside the van, seeing how we left
  both the city and the hubbub behind. From the highway to a reservation in which
  the roadway stopped having signs or even pavement. Now I was standing there, surrounded
  by mountains, waterfalls, and springs. People are allowed to swim in the springs,
  and each one of them has a different color. They evoke the sensation of being alive,
  and the seemingly carved yet haphazard grooves might as well be the scars of the
  Earth; dazzling and daunting. I walked on the edge of one of the springs, which
  looks at the precipice with all the bewilderment of standing at the boundaries of
  the world. I used to imagine traveling to the other side of the planet to find something
  interesting, to finally feel I had come upon a worthy experience. I think I needed
  to learn how to be amazed by my own home to be able to make unfamiliar places home,
  too.

  Oaxaca has been one of the most damaged locations in Mexico due to recent earthquakes
  that have startled the whole country. I have not forgotten those wonderful images,
  and wonder, every time my cellphone beeps with news of a new Earthquake in Mexico
  (even, and specially having an ocean between my old home and my new home), if those
  scarred, frozen spectacles are still standing, still gleaming hues of turquoise.
  In my mind they always will.'
