Title: American dreams
DateModified: '2018-02-12'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/american-dreams
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Irene Cilurzo
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: Hello! we are two Italian guys, we are 22 years old, and we love traveling a
  lot. We traveled to Italy, but one day we decided we wanted to see the whole world.
  starting from the wonderful United States, so we organized this trip, so marvelous
  and unexpected, the emotion was at 1000, we arrived in Los Angeles, a truly magnificent
  and incredible city, walking on the Walk of fame was a unique and indescribable
  emotion, in the evening we went to the beautiful Santa Monica where we toured the
  famous pier and we had a caricature done by an artist, then the next day we went
  to San Diego, to the famous zoo, really huge, with lots of animals, including Panda!
  after San Diego we had the honor to sleep in King man, where we find the famous
  Route 66 road, then we left again for the fabulous and idyllic Grand Canyon, which
  really leaves you speechless. And now we have arrived at my favorite part, the Monument
  Valley, which was a truly unforgettable experience; we rode on these wonderful horses,
  at sunset in a truly evocative landscape. Then we stopped at Page, where there was
  a huge dam, and the Bryce Canyon, which is also really beautiful. After this, we
  made a stop in the most famous of the cities, Las Vegas, it is the city of entertainment
  and it was also for us! After Las Vegas we went to the Death Valley, where we saw
  the coyote and Road Runner !! and then we went to see "bad water". after which we
  went to a wonderful mountain called mammoth lakes, it was amazing, we saw "hot creeck",
  "rainbow falls" and the "minaret view". Then we stopped at Yosemite Park, one of
  the most beautiful parks in the world, where we took a bike ride through the waterfalls,
  nature and animals. After we stopped in San Francisco, a huge city, and where we
  saw the famous Golden Gate and toured the tour bus, after San Francisco we went
  to the small town of Monterey, where we did not see much but it was still pretty
  .. after we went to Santa Barbara it was really beautiful and we walked around the
  shops and a swim in the ocean. Unfortunately the holiday was about to end and then
  we went back to Los Angeles to take the return flight, but first we went to Santa
  Monica where we toured the famous park "pacific park" and then we returned to Italy,
  was the most beautiful holiday ever.
