Title: An aromatic ride - Madikeri
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-aromatic-ride-madikeri
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Prateek Goel
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'It was 5 am in the freezing wintery morning when I reached Madikeri. On my
  trip to Southern India, this was one of the place I was most excited about. After
  walking for few minutes on the hilly roads that seemed to be a roller coaster, I
  reached my hotel.

  I woke up by the bright and soothing sunlight from the window, relieving from all
  the tiredness. The lady receptionist Chinamma, at the hotel, having the infectious
  smile on her face was polite enough to guide me to the new place. I decided to walk
  and explore the South Indian town. There were shops selling the famous Coorg spices
  and wine. The aroma was as strong as a magnet to attract the customers.

  "Famous Coorg spices, Sir", were the words I could hear all around. I could see
  women wearing saree in the coorgi style. Yet another beautiful face of the diverse
  India. I took an auto to the Abbe falls, the name itself has some magic in it.

  The auto driver Abdul was a localite and on the way he showed coffee plantations
  and spice gardens. The sight was mesmerizing. I learnt in school that air is a mixture
  but it was first time I felt coffee and spices in the aroma filled air, a unique
  blend!

  I could hear the pleasant sound of falling water. The first sight of the waterfall
  was something I would never forget. The water rolling down from rocks, the water
  composing music and the sun peeping from clouds along with other visitors attending
  the concert, all in the nature''s lap was an indelible encounter.

  People seemed acquired with their 5 inch small screen gadget, clicking selfies but
  I, being hypnotized by mother nature didn''t clicked much pictures.

  Abdul, who was waiting for me outside allowed me to click some fascinating pictures
  on the way back. He even showed the bungalow where the superhit Bollywood movie
  "Khoon bhari maang" was filmed.

  He was happy to have travellers visiting his native place and excited to be a part
  of their exploration.

  "Where can I get to eat the authentic Coorg cuisine?" was the question to him triggered
  by my growling stomach. On return, he dropped me to a restaurant to enjoy the local
  food.

  The crowd validated Abdul''s choice. After waiting for 30 minutes I got a table.
  The feast was just as awesome as the place.

  It was time to go back to the hotel with the calm stomach and the joy filled heart
  and have some rest. I walked back as the hotel was nearby with the imprints of the
  lovely connection that I felt accompanied by Abdul, super excited about the next
  chapters of the journey.'
