Title: An endless night
DateModified: '2018-02-02'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-endless-night
SetInCountry: Morocco
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Daniele  Anzalone
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: The last thing i expected, was to found myself on a winter Moroccan day; stuck
  in the heights of the tallest Northern African mountains by the snow. It was not
  the usual snow , though; was crunchy and light and shining white as if twenty centimetres
  of diamond dust were left laid over a chain of rocky waves under a moon light that
  cast floating particles of vaporous light that descended slowly on everything with
  a delicate touch. Nevertheless the snow it was not the issue. We had lost one wheel
  out of the van, it rolled away violently down the steep mountains and after a few
  ferocious drifts, the driver managed to take the control back of his van and stop
  it safe without further consequences. No way out for the entire night, not one soul
  around who could rescue our will of survival. All we had surrounding us, was a couple
  of frozen corpses of goats that didn't kept up with the rest of the herd, huge walls
  of stone covered in white, an intimidating moon that was moking us above and the
  dark horizon of hope. The temperature was annihilating our delusion and the expectations
  of a fire was something too surreal to make it true. We clothed ourselves as best
  we could to escape the cold that rapidly was crawling first on our skins, then it
  started to lacerate them finding its way through our bones. We were trembling fear
  and panic took over us, dominating all others emotions. The driver stood still in
  silence, not knowing how to manage such situation but he knew for experience that
  little berber village could be found in the proximity. We did start walk, we couldn't
  simply stay in a broken van stuck in a corner of a narrow little road by a cliff
  which fall devour every last trace of you. The breeze was biting stiff, thousands
  of sounds made us think we were soon to be meal of some sort of predators spying
  us from the darkness, not sight of anything familiar for kilometres; hope was last
  to die but his credibility lost soon his proverbial significance and just before
  a strong sense of desperation  would take hold of us, we've seen it. There was a
  village, a small isolated town entirely covered in snow. We knocked at the first
  door and salvation opened it slightly, showing a face of smiling wrinkles that hosted
  us, all 16; to enjoy a cosy fire that defrosted our cells back to life. We would
  never reach anymore our destination, the tour was called off and we meant the day
  after to return backwards, glad to be safe. Not a situation you expected to be in
  Morocco.
