Title: An Indonesian Surprise
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-indonesian-surprise
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Robert Elcivir Rulona
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: 'Saturday evening in Surabaya, I was on time for the 8 pm train to Jakarta.
  With everything on schedule I was expecting a comfortable journey home. Little did
  I know that Indonesia would throw one final surprise at me that would change everything.


  It was a Sunday morning when I woke up. The train had stopped and I was expecting
  to be in Gambir station from Surabaya and ready to tackle the chaos and traffic
  one last time before boarding my flight home. However as I looked around, I realized
  that I''m not in Jakarta but in some rail siding in the middle of nowhere, with
  rice fields as far as the eye can see and with Mt. Cereme in the background. I realized
  that my worst travel fear was going to come true, being left behind by the plane
  in a foreign country with no money to book another ticket home.


  With that in mind, I started to panic. I asked the officials there what''s going
  on. They told me that there was an accident involving a car carrier and a truck
  and that the car carrier overturned at the railway tracks, causing a major delay.
  I realized that my chances of getting home on time were in big trouble and I started
  to get worried.


  Just then, I can still hear what my couchsurfer host/ friend of mine from Lombok
  told me when his motorcycle broke down when we were in Mt. Rinjani National Park,
  "Don''t worry too much, take a look around, appreciate everything and just be happy.".  It
  was true then as it was now. Why would I want the memory that I will take back home
  from Indonesia be this one single bad event from a lot of good events that I experienced?


  That''s when I decided to take pictures an interacted with the locals in the train.
  During that time, I met a director from Peru who left his hometown to be with his
  wife and live halfway around the world. I also met his friends especially their
  lady companion who they were labeling as a bad girl because due to the delay, she
  missed going to church.


  Eventually the train finally moved, I got to Jakarta 8 hrs. later than planned and
  I missed my flight, forcing me to spend more money re-booking another flight home.
  But the one big takeaway from all of it was that life''s too short to waste it thinking
  terrible things/ things that aren''t in your control. Appreciate what you have,
  live your life to the fullest, and don''t be afraid to take chances even if you
  have to go through it alone. It''s in these things that you''ll learn more about
  yourself, making you a better person in the process.'
