Title: An inner journey
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-inner-journey
SetInCountry: Chad
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Aline Sobole
AuthorCountry: Costa Rica
Text: 'The landscape rushes past, parched by the burning sun; here and there I see
  small huts made of straw, further a colorful mosque, then stunted shrubs grazed
  by quite skinny goats and cows, and some children around a well looking at us half-amused
  half- thoughtful... I have entered a land of contrasts. My first humanitarian mission
  and my first steps in Africa. The country is militarized, strict security rules
  are in place and I had received a survival manual in case of kidnapping, but I feel
  no fear rather wonder to discover this country not quoted in any travel guide. During
  the next six months I will live and work in a small village, two hours away from
  the capital, whose only modernity is a broad new paved road, anachronistic and often
  empty, but so useful when a medical emergency occurs! Few months later I would see
  trucks passing by filled with soldiers heavily armed when political tension would
  rise in the country.

  The NGO has strategically built the health center to treat sick children due to
  malnutrition close to the only road. The intensive care has been set-up in a small
  concrete building where two artificial ventilators are powered by a generator, as
  the village does not have running electricity; other care units are under white
  tents which soon will be multiplied by a cholera outbreak. A warehouse, an administrative
  building and a small house complete the compound in a gated perimeter.

  And that is how I discovered another way of life, without superfluous possessions
  and always puzzling: the moist heat rising to 122Fo;  visits to the local market
  under protection where the freshness of the meat is guaranteed only by the number
  of flies flying around; swarms of grasshoppers covering walls and doors for several
  days, damaging the crops in the whole country; the open-air showers where I could
  gaze at the moon and the stars, searching for some freshness ; the Simoon, the hot
  wind of the desert, which stings and fills our rooms with sand through the straw
  walls; the cute, skinny, donkey brought in the morning and sacrificed for the dinner
  party at the evening as the tradition commands;  the joy of the child with Down
  syndrome at the health center when I approach  him for a hug...  Every day was an
  exercise of living in the present moment and of acceptance that death is inherent
  to life, in an unalterable cycle. And I learned that if we shift our perspective
  everything becomes easier, obstacles are no longer there and simplicity becomes
  a treasure.'
