Title: An Indian Leap of Faith
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-indian-leap-of-faith
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Ronaye Coulson
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'I was barely recovered from a several week bout of amoebic dysentery in India
  (which I recommend to no one), had lost 20 lbs, was incredibly frail, and feeling
  more fragile and vulnerable than any single traveller would ever prefer. As luck
  would have it, I needed to leave my safety bubble of a hotel room to use a pre-bought
  train ticket to meet my boyfriend in a town 18 hours away.  Although I had to get
  to a nearby town to catch it, I could not miss this train; the ticket had to be
  bought over a week in advance. To make matters work, having not been able to leave
  my bed for weeks, I only had $3.50US cash to my name (credit cards were not widely
  used). While attempting to not pass out at every turn, for hours I searched for
  a bank machine that would accept my cards. But to no avail, the bank machine gods
  had frozen me out. I had no choice but to abandon mission, as I had a small window
  to catch the bus-train combo.  The transportation gods were also not smiling, because
  I now had to travel on foot for an hour to the bus station due to a transportation
  strike that day.  But I knew that the show must go on (someone who was clearly not
  in my situation coined this term).


  I managed to make it to the bus station, almost ready to collapse, and asked the
  attendant to point me towards my bus, to which he replied "24 & 27".  I ran to these
  numbers, during which time I saw 2 buses: 1  completely empty, 1 completely full.
  After 3 months of travelling India, I knew full well that the empty bus would only
  leave once it was packed like a sardine can (and I would definitely miss my train).
  I asked the other bus driver if he was going to my town, to which he replied an
  emphatic and slightly angry "No!".  Oh boy.  A kind stranger clearly noticed my
  helplessness, and indicated that the full bus was indeed going to my town and that
  I better get on it NOW.  When I told him that the bus driver himself disagreed with
  this conclusion, the stranger simply gave me the Indian ''head bob'' that I only
  knew to mean "maybe yes, maybe no".  As the bus was hurriedly pulling away, a stranger
  at the door inexplicably reached out his hand to me.  What do I do?  1) Wait for
  a bus that will surely have me miss my golden train ride out of destitution and
  vulnerability, or 2) jump on a bus which on strong authority (which is how I would
  describe a bus driver) is likely going to another destination, leaving me stranded
  at night with no cash? I believe it''s called a leap of faith...'
