Title: An intriguing journey to the highest peak of India
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-intriguing-journey-to-the-highest-peak-of-india
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Vijaykumar Duraiarasan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: The pursuit of embarking on a journey is a delightful phenomenon. The sheer
  excitement of a journey and a fervent zeal to reach the intended destination is
  what keeps us going. It is the determination that becomes a motivating factor in
  guiding us reach greater heights.  The more you travel, the greater the wisdom you
  acquire. Over the years, I have had many fascinating travel stories, however, my
  recent trekking expedition to the highest summit in India emerges on top. Standing
  tall at about 20,500 feet from the sea level, Stok Kangri is the highest peak in
  the Stok range of the Himalayas enticing both the seasoned climbers and novice enthusiasts
  alike. It is, often, considered a window of progression from the non-technical aspect
  of trekking into high altitude mountaineering involving the use of technical equipment
  and gears. Being at an altitude of about 11,500 feet, the climatic conditions are
  quite challenging. Due to its alluring nature of non-technical summit, that's both
  challenging and intriguing, I decided to sign myself up for this strenuous trekking
  expedition. The possibility of scaling the summit in the summer months might sound
  like loosening up some tough calls, however, the steep climb requires great amounts
  of physical and mental stamina, the latter one playing a pivotal role in the overall
  control of your body. High in enthusiasm and with great levels of determination,
  I started off from the southern Indian city of Chennai to New Delhi for connecting
  flight to Srinagar. A long drive of about 14 hours and Leh greeted us with a vast
  expansive night sky featuring millions of stars. We met our guides and were briefed
  about acclimatization. With all the anxiety surrounding the timidness of reaching
  the summit, we were started off our trekking expedition.  The magnificence of the
  barren mountains in the vicinity, the towering Himalayan peaks and ever resonating
  sounds of the flowing river waters provided the much needed companionship. The climb
  to the base camp was insanely steep and was extremely challenging. A day of acclimatizing
  and we buckled up with our respective backpacks to set forth on our mission to scale
  the mighty summit of Stok Kangri. Every metre of altitude gained was a tough call
  to the physical exerts that the body had to endure and keeping a strong mental balance
  was a key factor. The entire journey required a rigorous physical training alongside
  mental preparedness. This has been one of those fascinating journey I have had.
