Title: An Icelandic Tale of A Cold Night &amp; A Warm Heart
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-icelandic-tale-of-a-cold-night-a-warm-heart
SetInCountry: Iceland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Willem van den Heever
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: I stopped the bus and asked the driver to let me off. He looked very concerned
  and questioned my decision, warning me that there are no buses leaving from where
  we were and that I might struggle hitching a ride out with the extreme weather conditions
  we were facing. So there I was, stranded in the one horse town of Hella in the middle
  of Iceland with the sole objective of photographing the aurora borealis, better
  known as the northern lights. I first had dinner at a small diner, run by the same
  guy who runs the gas station & local bar, and then hiked out to the high rising
  hill at the far end of town. With my camera ready I made myself as comfortable as
  possible in the bitter cold of the desolated snow landscape, waiting for the sky
  to lit up. I waited and waited, but the sky remained grey. On the foothills I saw
  a small farmhouse with a light still on. At around 2am an elderly lady emerged from
  the house and invited me in. She couldn't speak or understood a word of English
  and myself not a word of the Icelandic she was speaking. She later gave up and went
  to the kitchen. A few moments later she came out and handed me a much-needed hot
  cup of coffee. Strangely we continued to communicate to each other, here and there
  making sense of a word or gesture. Later her husband came home, probably working
  night shift somewhere, and joined in on the broken conversation. Despite this language
  barrier we were facing, it was as if we still connected. A common intriguing interest
  in each other that we both could relate with. But perhaps most importantly, s sense
  of compassion. On Google Maps I pointed to the southern tip of Africa to show them
  where I came from. Their eyes widened and they stared at me in awe. Equally amazed
  and surprised of how far I traveled to be stuck somewhere in the middle of Iceland
  in the worst winter in 20 years. I might not have a photo of the sky from that night,
  but the real aurora was inside that little house.
