Title: An Oasis of Desires
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/an-oasis-of-desires
SetInCountry: Jordan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Priyanka Charak
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The Adrenaline rush was purified when I was kissed by a strong gust of wind
  as if it wanted to welcome me to be a part of its journey.Yes,I had landed up on
  the land of Arabs!Before this amazing experience of mine,I had only been a part
  of the stories  from childhood about the magical world of Genies.I had never thought
  of being a part of the reality lying underneath the covers of Wadi Rum-The Desert.


  The sand was hot and the sun was cruel but the heat was nullified against the warmth
  of Bedouins who comforted my uncertainty and innocence.I began my journey with Rashid,my
  guide.His long lustrous Dish Dash and kohled eyes had the mystery embellished with
  a promise of a happy beginning.

  As Rashid offered his hand to help me climb up the sandy hill to enjoy the picturesque
  view of the sunset, we shared a smile that said a lot but not enough. He stood by
  me as I absorbed every ray and color of the sun till it faded like a flower of the
  spring.My heart filled with more desire to be loved like a sun.Rashid waited for
  me until I stole all the happiness from the sunset or rather waited for me to realize
  the beginning from this happy ending.His hand held mine like a bond never to be
  broken, as we moved down the hill.


  My Shiny eyes kept trying to find he answers as I headed towards my camp.My dreamy
  desires were awakened by the whisper of Oud.I had already become numb by the magical
  powers of this place so far.The remaining sweet turbulence was initiated by the
  campfire and I could breathe only the intensity of this desertic aura.I could hear
  my silence and all it had to say to me since long.All the mysteries were being unraveled  one
  after one. My heart was not a stranger anymore!


  Also to admire the bequest already endowed to me by this newly discovered ''land
  of lovers'', I rejoiced at the theme, the Arak and grooved to the Arabic beats along
  with the utterly fierce ambiance of the Oasis.The heaviness of the light was taken
  over by the poised night.The breeze sang a lullaby to me and the warm moon put me
  to sleep.As i opened my eyes, I heard Rashid calling out my name because now was
  the time to bid farewell to this dreamy land that embraced me with its magical arms.I
  slided the curtain aside.I couldn''t find him but a Genie lamp kissing my feet.


  Oh! So, this was the long seeked answer to all my questions!I looked at the lamp
  to unlock the answers it contained. It was a sad but a happy moment to realize that
  my love Genie was locked in it to stay with me forever!'
