Title: Analysis of a night of Milonga
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/analysis-of-a-night-of-milonga
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Veronica Pancheri
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Every night, in Buenos Aires, there are thousands of people getting ready to
  dance tango. I''ve been one of them.

  The milonga is where tango takes place. But it''s not just a place, it''s a whole
  experiences, Let me walk you through.

  There is the before moment, when you get ready: it''s fundamental! Tango has its
  dress code. Actually, everything has its code in tango. Speaking for women, you
  have to wear a skirt. Not shirt and tight, we''re not in a disco, but a light, preferably
  silky, falling smoothly on the legs one. So it rises harmoniously during the "boleos",
  the most elegant figures in the tango. Skin has to be rigorously naked, even in
  winter.

  I have my theory: the quality of the outfit is directly proportional to the dancing
  level. Which mean the better you dance, the more cool you''re dressed for. Now let''s
  talk a little about the milonga itself. There are plenty and they are different
  of course. It depends on many reasons: the dance floor, the lighting but, above
  all, it depends on people. When it comes to judge a milonga, there are two main
  parameters, according to my opinion. the first one is about the dance skill of the
  participants. It''s convenient they be good, but not too good, so they still invite
  you -a no professional/I''m here just to have fun- to dance! The second one, and
  really important for women, deals with the level of harassment. From cero: men only
  care about dancing, to ten: they just want to make you feel their staff. Preferences
  may be subjectives, personally I like the cero one.

  And speaking about the dance moment, we go back straight to codes. Men are supposed
  to invite women, just looking at them and making a gesture with the head, imagine
  Arthur Fonzarelli, ok? But without thumbs up! Well, nowadays women also are allowed
  to invite, but better be sure of being same good as the other dancer, otherwise,
  you''ll be banned forever. And that leads us to the first commandment of tango:
  girls, here we depend on boys! if he''s a good dancer you''ll dance divine, if not
  you''ll suffer.

  So you''re in a milonga, waiting for dancing. In the meanwhile just have a sit,
  order a drink, chit chat a little but not too much, remember: looking around is
  the code for you waiting an invitation! Waiting is the common thread of the milonga
  experience: waiting for the night to come and waiting to dance, tango has no rush.
  But when it comes that moment you get that dance floor, there it is: surprisingly
  it''s all about passion and improvisation. No codes.'
