Title: 'And so, I did it. '
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/and-so-i-did-it
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Tanvi  Desai
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It happened in the beautiful summer of June'16. When the winters were just rounding
  off and the pleasant African summer was coming in. It was my first time traveling
  solo.  I was in a different continent, away from home, alone. But the locals dint
  make me feel alone. Everybody greeted each other with warm smiles, helping me out
  with whatever I needed. I traveled around Cape Town, stayed at a wildlife game reserve,
  and then went ahead to the most exciting experience of my life. It was my skydiving
  experience in Mosel Bay. I was nervous but excited. I have always been scared of
  heights, and imagining jumping off a plane 10000 feet about sea level, wow. The
  weather was a little stormy that day, my skydiving even got canceled but then as
  I was going back to my 'BnB' I got a call from the agency letting me know it was
  clear to jump now. I turned the car back round and there was a sudden adrenaline
  rush. I was so super excited I dint realize until I got into the plane that I was
  actually doing it. My first skydiving experience ever. I was suddenly so scared
  as the plane took off. My instructor was Arnold. The sweetest gem I have ever met,
  kept encouraging me all the way. But I still dint have the courage to jump off that
  plane. Arnold practically pushed me off the plane. But man, Oh man. That free fall.
  Those 15 seconds. I screamed my lungs out, it was so breathtakingly beautiful I
  couldn't digest it. And then when I pulled my chute open and just sway there in
  the air, watching the beautiful African mountains on one side and the ocean on the
  other. I was breathing it all in. Never have I ever experienced something so beautiful.
  After I landed I stayed silent for few minutes, I was just so happy and content
  I dint have anything to say. After that experience I went bungee jumping, I went
  cage diving with the great white sharks. But nothing could beat that sky diving
  experience. To all those people out there, who are afraid to do it, it's just a
  matter of a little courage. Once you are done with it, you will never see life the
  same way again.
