Title: Another great story
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/another-great-story
SetInCountry: Slovakia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Sofia Tarus
AuthorCountry: Moldova
Text: It all happened during the first week of february were I was embarking on a
  trip to Slovakia - small country in the middle of Europe. Usually I will get excited
  and would not sleep the night before thinking how my trip will be and all the people
  i will get to meet. But it did not happen this time, though not my first time going
  to Trainings all over Europe to meet youngsters that share the same passion as me
  for volunteering. So, I was thinking on train why this is not getting me goose bumps
  and all those butterflies feelings I will usually get before going on a training
  to a different country? Oh well, saying to myself this could be good, the topic
  of the training is something I should look for but I will just be as calm and relaxed
  about it, maybe it was the country? Never heard too much about it that would make
  me say ''wow". So, at almost time to arrive I said to myself this is it, I am almost
  there. I should try to pull myself together and get the best out of it. Oh, and
  you wait for it, waaait for it...That was exactly what happened but you will soon
  discover it yourself. First person to meet on my way to the hotel was Miss Yana,
  a middle old lady which told me I was the first one to arrive and that if I would
  need anything just to let her know.  It was a cold day, a really cold winter day
  that makes your nose instantly running and your face snuggling into the big winter
  scarf around your neck. She accompanied me to the room which was the last one on
  the hallway of the 2nd floor and told me to get down to the restaurant for dinner,
  I nodded in sign of acceptance and let her know I will get some sleep before. The
  warm air inside the room made me comfortable and I instantly fell asleep in one
  of the beds. Waking up after 2 hours to the noise of someone opening the door, as
  I had my eyes barely opened I could see a shade of a tall and blond girl which smiled
  at me and excused herself for the noise.  Then I cleared my throat, opened my eyes
  and there she was my best childhood friend! After years, we finally stood up in
  front of each other. I was so glad to see her and practically jumped in her arms.
  She was looking so at ease knowing that I am there too and that we will spend some
  time together thanks to this training, which none of those knew that would be more
  than just a training. We had the best time, experiencing slovakian culture and meeting
  people from all over the world,  something none of us expected to happen.
