Title: Apple Pies and Cloudy Skies of Amsterdam
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/apple-pies-and-cloudy-skies-of-amsterdam
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jahne Coutts-Smith
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'The sparkling canals of Amsterdam are peppered with hipster bikes and pots
  overflowing with floral rainbows as I walk along, drenched to the core from the
  sudden downpour moments before. Amsterdam, though picturesque, is a temperamental
  beast weather wise, and without a good raincoat any tourists will regularly find
  themselves soggy and cold. As the sun peaks out from the glowering rainclouds I
  finally arrive at Winkel 43, and head in to dry off and indulge in their famous
  Apple Pie. I perch at the counter, a drowned rat in a cosy, dimly lit bar and order
  their signature dish. The massive wedge of crumbly crust and moist flavoursome apples
  proves to be the best apple pie I''ve ever tried, justifying the reputation and
  the fact that Winkel sell up to 120 massive 8 slice pies per day.


  As I eat alone I chat with Thomas, the smiley young barman. He works at Winkel around
  university studies, doing long hours and late nights, punctuated by the famous Amsterdam
  nightlife. I drink with him and his workmates across the night, and on discovering
  I''m travelling alone Thomas invites me to join his friends on a canal cruise the
  following afternoon, as the forecast is unusually clear and sunny.


  The next day I wander back to Winkel to meet Thomas, this time happily dry given
  the rare calm weather. We drop into a store for supplies and despite being 33 they
  won''t sell me alcohol without ID, so 20yo Thomas buys the drinks on my behalf.
  When we reach the boat his friends welcome me warmly, seemingly unfazed that a random
  Aussie tourist is joining their afternoon jaunt.


  We all chat about life, travel, Amsterdam and Australia as we slowly wend our way
  around the canals, enjoying an entirely different and spectacular view of the city
  and waterways. It is simultaneously a riveting and relaxing way to explore Amsterdam,
  and we drift past many other groups happily listening to music, eating, drinking,
  chatting and smoking.


  After showing me their favourite sites, we pull up to a wharf-side bar and join
  a throng of locals to enjoy the clear afternoon and stunning view as the sun starts
  to droop in the sky. Satiated by more food and drinks we happily pile back into
  the boat and savour the changing cityscape under the glowing sunset on the cruise
  home. Back at Winkel I share one last slice of apple pie before farewelling my new
  friends. I walk back to my hostel in the rain, drenched again, but with a smile
  on my face, grateful for my brief taste of life as a young Amsterdam local.'
