Title: 'Argentina in oriental eyes '
DateModified: '2018-02-02'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/argentina-in-oriental-eyes-2
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mohamed Berisha
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I previously wrote a book about travel , the book was mainly focused on European
  countries . In this book I mentioned my memories and observations about 11 European
  countries. The book was a mix of both a diary and observations of fun facts of the
  country , I observed different cultures , lifestyles, and traditions. My ability
  to speak 7 different European languages was one of the keys to communicate with
  people and write about their stories, habits, interests , and opinions . I was able
  to interweave my personal story with the different stories I got from those different
  countries. I had to work in Poland for 2 years and as the nature of my job required
  my to move around and visit different countries I started to write my observations
  that turned out to be a book . The book was published in 2017 Arabic  , as the book
  was mainly directed to the Egyptian reader where I used some Egyptian dialect words
  and Expressions . The book was successful readers wise as I received lots of positive
  comments and reviews from my readers , the next step was that the publisher of my
  book decided to sell it on Amazon other websites. This was a great experience for
  my self that triggered a great interest in carrying on writing about other continents
  and countries , I always thought of south America especially Argentina for many
  reasons , the first is my fluency in Spanish , I do speak Spanish for over 30 years
  fluently since I first learned it in Cervantes institute of Alexandria Egypt . The
  second reason of course is where I am living now , as I am no longer living in Egypt
  nor in  Europe , I live in Canada which is relatively closer to south America in
  general and to Argentina in particular. Argentina always sounded a very interesting
  country for me with a mixture of cultural influences,  the name of the country itself
  I found it common between Spanish and Italian which refers to silver , the European
  and indigenous origins of people living and sharing peacefully the same land and
  overall the cultural heritage that was left in this melting pot represented by its
  capital city Buenos aires  . I am planning to use my ability to speak Spanish fluently
  hand in hand with my knowledge of history to observe new venues discovering the
  modern culture of this interesting country , I will be dealing with normal people
  in streets , markets , cafes , clubs and universities trying to shed the light on
  hidden aspects of the modern Argentinian life that my readers would need to know
  about .
