Title: Awareness
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/awareness
SetInCountry: Kazakhstan
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Aziza Imangalieva
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: 'My first trip abroad was at the age of 18. It was Russia, Novosibirsk city.
  I went there for free, on the university program (academic mobility), and, unfortunately,
  it is still the only trip. But living in another country, especially when you are
  the only Kazakh, live in dormitory, with students from different countries, with
  their views of the world, traditions, languages, give new sensations and emotions.
  We all knew English, except Chinese. But as I found out, the goal of all foreign
  students was to learn Russian language.

  3 months can change a person in an unimaginable way as it happened with me. I began
  to read a lot, the teachers of this city showed that studying can be interesting,
  and not only consist of lectures and seminars. If earlier I studied, because it
  was necessary, now it happens with pleasure. Thanks to this trip, I realized my
  future destiny. It was the second year of the university, and I began thinking who
  I want to be.

  Thanks to Novosibirsk I realized that I want to be a cabin crew and travel around
  the world. It is the dream of teenager. As you know, travel expands the horizon.
  And what prompted me to write here and send this story is a sad present, from which
  I want to distract myself and fill my life with new emotions and learn something
  new. Sometimes I have such feeling, and I think it is familiar to many, you just
  sit or lie, and suddenly a burst of energy, inspiration, emotions, force you hand
  to do something, change the world, you can consider this one of such cases. Inspiration
  responds in this case, for which many thanks to him. I believe that every event
  has its own place in life. And maybe this is my case.'
