Title: Backyard Beauties
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/backyard-beauties
SetInCountry: Zambia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Dumisile Mtambo
AuthorCountry: Zimbabwe
Text: 'Davis stood over me, a mere 5-foot spectacle of a man, and stretched out his
  hand. "Bwana," he grinned, "You ok?" I took his hand and tried to pull myself up,
  fumbling for a foothold beneath the riffle. I found a sturdy rock and hoisted myself
  up next to him. "Why did we decide this was a good idea?" I asked. "Because the
  guards don''t have guns today," he replied.


  On a mild March afternoon, we waded through the Zambezi, only a few yards from the
  crest of Victoria Falls. Warm boulders, shrubs, and empty Coke bottles lined the
  makeshift path. Clouds of mist rose from the gorge and the waterfalls'' cascade
  bellowed through the air. In the distance, a lone tree peered over our destination-Angel''s
  pool-hugging the brink of the falls.


  Davis was five years into a career as a local guide offering personalized tours
  of the falls. He grew up on his grandfather''s homestead near the river. That was
  where he learned how to navigate the waters by having to save goats caught by the
  current. He joked it was his thousandth time guiding someone through and that it
  was no different from looking after his grandfather''s goats.


  "You know us Zambians eh," he said, "we don''t appreciate the beauty of our country."
  I nodded, too stunned by the 108-meter drop next to the pool to tell him I was actually
  from Zimbabwe. "You''re my first young brother to come this side." I smiled, too
  mesmerized by vibrations of the cascade to respond. I was deep in thought, wondering
  why I had never been to the falls before when I heard a plunge from the pool. Davis
  was gone.


  At that moment, I began to understand Davis a little better. Many people in Africa
  don''t have the privilege of experiencing the beauty of their own countries. Other
  distractions have consumed our lives and access to our own nature has been restricted.
  Davis resisted and found a way to embrace the brink of the falls and never let go.


  "Bwana!" exclaimed Davis. "Time to swim now." He popped out of the violent froth
  and smiled as if teasing me because I had already been swimming. I jumped into the
  water, swam to the edge, and watched Davis move like a serpent. Sturdy against the
  current like a young baobab; scars on his carob skin as a testament to his defiance.
  At this edge of the world, he was content. He was at home.

  Later, when the horizon was gold and the river had calmed, Davis offered me the
  last of his nshima and kapenta. We ate together, hunched over the dying coals, and
  I looked up at him and said, "Thank you, brother."'
