Title: Bag packing and highway&#39;s.
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/bag-packing-and-highway-s
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Moumita Debnath
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Today I'll write about my first trip away from my family. Yes, it was scary
  to go out so far but it was also liberating and I'm more than glad to have made
  the decision to travel.I remember how hard it was for me to make the trip. I had
  it on my mind since forever. I saved money for 3 years and eventually managed. It
  was a short trip to Darjeeling with my friends. I ran away from home since I wasn't
  given permission. For the first time I wasn't thinking about the future and it really
  worked out. We first took a train to Siliguri (which is a small town in West Bengal)
  and from there we took a bus to Gangtok. Gangtok which is a small town on the foothills
  of the magnificent Himalayas is an absolute beauty. With it's breathtaking hills
  and serene gardens it's an apt holiday destination. On the first day we visited
  the Rumtek monastery and the surrounding markets. The second day we went to Tsangmo
  Lake which is a little higher in altitude than the main town. The whole lake was
  frozen as the place had experienced snowfall recently. It was one of the best experiences
  of my life so far. Everything about that place was heavenly and the people were
  also very friendly. I felt like sitting in the ice forever looking at the sky and
  the mountains.The third day started with side scenes to Khangchendzonga Biosphere
  Reserve (where we saw the peak of the magnificent mountain as it sparkled in the
  sun's rays), then we went to some sanctuaries my favourite among which was the Deorali
  Orchid Sanruary. One of the most beautiful places in Gangtok was also the Yumthang
  Valley. It was full of rivers, hot springs and flowers. We spent a whole day lazing
  around there listening to the water flow and chirping of the birds. Apart from the
  beautiful and unique places I visited what else made my trip a hit were my friends.
  All the fun we had, all the good food and dance and the laughs, all the memories
  made will forever be with me no matter where I go. We also went for trekking. It
  was my first trek so I was a little nervous but I came off pretty well I suppose.
  As the day of my departure neared I looked back at Gangtok with sad eyes but also
  treasuring those beautiful memories I made. As I ended my first ever trip outside
  home I promised myself this wasn't the last, I promised to return, I promised to
  explore the newly discovered Traveller in me and I promised to choose those blue
  skies, trickling waters, icy mountains and never-ending roads before the high paid
  jobs any day.
