Title: Bahala Na
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/bahala-na
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Wenda Christopher
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Lying on my cot in the night with my backpack as my pillow, I listened to the
  sounds of my travel mates...the snoring of pigs, mooing of cattle, crowing of roosters,
  and snorting of caribou. You see, I was traveling on the bottom deck of a boat with
  Filipino farm animals! Rattled by fear and insomnia, I reflected on how I ended
  up here on my travel to Boracay Island!


  Only a few months before I was teaching 8th grade English in Texas. I loved my job,
  but I longed for adventure, so I applied as a volunteer with the U. S. Peace Corps,
  and before I knew it I was teaching in the Philippines!  The volunteers in my group
  were assigned throughout the Island of Luzon, and we decided to meet on Boracay
  Island during Election Week. My journey should take three days traveling by bus
  and boat from my site at Legazpi City.


  Four days later, I lay on the cot reflecting. My bus had arrived twelve hours late,
  and it threw off my entire plan! The bus was filled with weary travelers, but I
  begged the driver to allow me to sit on a cracker tin in the aisle for 17 hours!  I
  finally reached my next destination, but the connecting boat only left on Tuesdays
  and Saturdays, and it was Wednesday night!


  I slept at a stranger''s home for three hours before my next boat ride the following
  morning. Hungry, dirty, and exhausted, I arrived at the boat dock in time to purchase
  a ticket for the lower deck of the boat. The farm animal deck.


  I eventually made it to the beautiful island of Boracay after six days of travel.
  But when I arrived, I was a changed person. I was more confident, more trusting
  of myself and others, less expectant of the outcome of everything working out the
  way I wanted it to, and more adaptive to my surroundings. I learned so much from
  the experience of being lost and finding my way.  I had great fun with my new friends
  (who 25 years later are my family), and then it was time to make the journey back.


  I lived, taught, and traveled in the Philippines for twenty-eight months.  Over
  time I learned to cook pancit, speak Tagalog and Bicol, sing karaoke, appreciate
  the culture, and fall in love! I also embraced the "bahala na" philosophy that so
  many Filipinos live by-- entrusting the uncertainty of all situations to a higher
  being.


  I am teaching in Texas again, and my experiences allow me to instill hope, dreams,
  and adventures in my students!! Everyone should have the experience of exploration,
  adventure, getting lost and finding your way!'
