Title: Basically a Kiwi
DateModified: '2018-02-06'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/basically-a-kiwi
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Savannah Disbrow
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I left the USA to backpack Europe for a few months then move to New Zealand
  for a while. I only planned to stay in New Zealand a few months so I could go home
  after six months of travel to be with my boyfriend. As life goes for me, my plans
  quickly fell apart. I got dumped 6 weeks into my trip through Europe. My reply was
  "Ok, well, I'm moving to New Zealand for the full year of my visa. Bye!" As much
  as that event sucked, New Zealand turned into the best unexpected adventure of my
  life so far. I planned to stay on the North Island for a few months to work and
  earn some money before I moved south. Little did I realize I would fall in love
  with the Maori culture, New Zealand and end up living on the North Island for 10
  months then go south for a couple months to round it all out. I started working
  at a cafe and cleaning for a CrossFit gym once a week. I had 3 days off a week and
  would hitch hike wherever I could go.  I saw several places that most people can
  only dream of. The Tongariro Crossing, Hobbitton, Raglan, Cathedral Cove at sunset
  with Orcas swimming across it, and the most northern tip of New Zealand to name
  a few. I met truckers, business men and women, and other travelers as I hitched
  my way along seeing the sights and learning all about the country from locals. This
  was an enchanting time of travel. I was free enough to accept whoever and whatever
  came my way. Then I settled in unexpectedly for six months to get experience as
  CrossFit coach. I truly invested in the town I was at. I worked for Maori and local
  kiwis. I learned the slang, the culture, made life long friends and formed a deep
  connection with New Zealand. I did not foresee this happening when I made the decision
  to live there. I often got mistaken for a Kiwi by the time I left. I then spent
  2 months hitching around the south island and seeing some of the most lovely spots
  in the world. I never meant to stay a full year. I never planned to set roots for
  10 months much less accomplish a long time dream of becoming a coach and competing.
  I never expected to make so many friends. I never expected for New Zealand to make
  such an impact on me that I got Ta Moko tattoos and got to know the culture well
  enough that I can be mistaken for a Kiwi. The best part of life and travel are the
  unexpected bits. All of the opportunities that one learns to say "why not?" to.
  That year is forever ingrained as the year that should not have been but was the
  best adventure I have had so far!
