Title: Be kind, always
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/be-kind-always
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Leticia Nogueira
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I realized that I was in British soil when I went through the immigration and
  went out by the main gate of the Heathrow airport not because I saw the gray sky
  or because I felt the rain in my face and the cold weather made me tight my sweater.
  I realized when a hurried boy - stylish too, I must have mention the British vanity
  - bumped me and spread all my personal belongings on the floor. One second later,
  was there, begging for my pardon. Yes, in that moment I just confirmed what I read
  in all those guides about travelling around England: - "Probably, you will find
  here the most polite people of the entire world". Situations like this one happened
  for the rest of my days in England. No, I am not referring about collisions with
  people but how lovely were the English people that crossed my way in those days.
  S-O-R-R-Y: this word sound like a prayer. Sometimes the people will just lean in
  your arm and their facial expression looks as if they just committed a crime. Well,
  it is the English way of life, I cannot deny. However, I must remember you that
  English people are not just made of apologies, but full of respect for the next.
  Mainly, with the elderly. Oh, believe on me when I say this: attitudes like this
  is shine for the eyes and comfort for the soul. All the times that someone held
  a door for me, helped me with guidance information or said words like "morning,
  have a lovely day, take care" with a smile on the face showed me that small things
  like those had the power to change my day, my spirit and the my we lead the life.
  As I learned, good things should been followed. I am so grateful for bring this
  on my suitcases. I not won just a stamp on my passport, a collection of photographs
  or funny and embarrassed stories to share with my close friends: I got more, so
  much more than I could imagine. I got a new way to face the life. What is? Be kind,
  always. I promise that you will never lose if you be kind with the people next you.
  The local connection with that culture let me to absorb the best that I could. Since
  I came back from there, I always catch me smile for strange people, hugging my colleges
  from college, helping the blind girl that lives on the upstairs to down the stairs
  and so many generous attitudes that I cannot remember now. If one simple positive
  thought in the morning can change all our day, imagine a good attitude or an act
  of kindness. However, these I will let you find out.'
