Title: Beautiful Prague
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/beautiful-prague
SetInCountry: Czech Republic
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Rene Raque
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'Prague. I could end it right there. The gem of the Czech Republic. One of my
  favorite cities in the world, up there with Amsterdam. The architectural brilliance
  of the sights I witnessed in Germany, to the questionable, but amazing looking statues
  resembling the old USSR. The unorthodox combination definitely tickled my fancy.


  From first arrival at the airport. To arrival at my buddy''s rented apartment. The
  whole Czech experience was great. The confusion of finding the place next to the
  beautiful Prague Castle was a problem I wish was thrust upon my current self.


  The moment I opened castle-like doors, I knew this trip was going to be one for
  the ages. I''ve never had a royal entrance, and I knew the peak. The entrance of
  their place put that casual residence on "House Hunters" to shame. Such elegance
  in a town square area, with the scenery, was only comparable to the Rocky Mountains
  of my native Canada. To have such an urban atmosphere with the scenery worthy of
  the most lavish landmarks, was definitely eye opening.


  Growing up in small town Saskatchewan, I loved to venture into unmapped territory.
  Moving to East London opened my eyes, as I didn''t just venture into the woods,
  I ventured into areas where I felt like a piece of paper towel down a plugged toilet.
  Lost, and in a place where you know I''m going to cause trouble. However, it mostly
  worked out for the best. Other than me getting jumped at Carnival near Notting Hill,
  but this is a Prague story.


  That''s where a decision pushed me to the edge. I left my mates at the apartment.
  They were great hosts that just required a dinner as rent, mostly of KFC, and an
  occasional rap freestyle. That''s the thing with great friends. You can meet anywhere,
  anytime, in any place in the world, and bring it back to the building blocks. Like
  a clock that just keeps ticking in the right way. However, this clock differed than
  most.


  I''ve been to bars, but Absinthe bars were new to me, and I had to investigate like
  your everyday gumshoe. The process was everything I expected. From the slotted spoons,
  to the burning of the sugar. Everything was like what I read. It was time to take
  it to the next level and drink this magic drink. It was hotter than the casual Czech
  citizen, which was saying a lot considering the community all looked like they could
  just casually jump on the runway. This made my walk to the train station, proceeding
  to the airport, one of my finest European moments.'
