Title: Beauty of Nature
DateModified: '2018-02-03'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/beauty-of-nature
SetInCountry: Sweden
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Flavia Grasso
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'As we can all expect, countries like Sweden can show what nowhere else is to
  be found.

  I went there twice, and both times I couldn''t do nothing but to enjoy what the
  complicated sky and weather gave me.

  I spent most of the time looking up at the clouds when it was the daylight and when
  it was dark it was a different piece of art, every night: once it was Van Gogh and
  the night after it felt like Matisse put his touch in it.

  The glow of the stars was beautiful but nothing compared to the Northern Lights.

  That''s something I''ll never forget.


  Even though I went during summer, it rained almost everyday but it was fine to me.

  I breathed the smell of forest and earth, close to a lake that big I couldn''t see
  the other side.

  I was around thirteen and I was told that it was typical to swim naked in it.

  The weather was bad but I took off my swimsuit and all my young fears (what was
  into those waters? What if it took me away or what if I drown?), I dived right into
  the lake and it was as cold as exciting and even more when it was pouring down.


  I walked with just a towel to cover me, barefeet, into the forest to reach that
  lovely house that was just out of my sight. It was red and white, and it looked
  like coming out of a postcard.

  I wish I remembered to take a picture as someday it will fade away from my memories.


  Even into the city of Stockholm, there is a heart of trees and I saw as delicate
  plants were as frames to the perfect sightseeing.


  Sometimes I want to go back there and experience the beauties of that country and
  landscapes during winter in a completely different mood of colours.

  Step by step, into the cracking snow.


  Step by step: the same way I discovered how marvellous is the silent Sweden.'
