Title: Been through Croatia, didn&#39;t find Croissants
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/been-through-croatia-didn-t-find-croissants
SetInCountry: Croatia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Daniel Caramujo
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'I''ve been twice to, in my opinion, one of the most beautiful places in all
  of Europe, Croatia.

  During my first visit, I almost did nothing but get to know the country itself,
  with my family, kind of like a road trip. We started north and headed down south,
  through the seaside, passing by the major cities and places of interest.

  The second time I''ve been to Croatia I decided to be a little more sedentary, I
  stayed about 3 weeks around the area of Fazana, in a little house by the beach.

  Everyday I had a routine, I''d wake up at about 10 a.m, I''d go to the beach, where
  most of the times I''d fall asleep, I''d then make lunch, eat, and most of the times
  walk into town or explore nearby lakes and towns. When the sun started to get tired,
  so did I, so I''d head back home, bath and eat something. If I still had spirit
  in me I''d go out, maybe take a walk or go to a club nearby.

  It was on one of these walks that I met a girl, let''s call her miss S. due to privacy,
  she was alone, on a bench near the beach. I hadn''t met anyone, and this girl seemed
  really friendly and since she was alone, I assumed in need of company. I did not
  have the best experience with Croatians, at least since they threw yogurt at my
  car for parking next to a window, but this girl was actually really nice, she took
  me around town, showing me the secret spots that only the locals knew, and she demystified
  one of my biggest questions, I thought croissants came from Croatia, guess I was
  really far off.

  We kept close, almost daily we went to the beach, went on adventures to the local
  lakes, she presented me to the best Ice Cream I have ever, in my whole life, eaten,
  and most of all she was a friend, that even though didn''t fully understand the
  english language, taught me a lot, introduced me to a lot and made my whole experience
  a whole lot better.

  I really liked my second time to Croatia, maybe even more than the first time, mostly
  due to the connection I established with miss S. I still thing about visiting her,
  and I plan on doing so if I eventually have the time to do so, or maybe, even better,
  presenting her to Portugal, my home.'
