Title: BEEROLOGY
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/beerology
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: MARTINA DOLFI
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Well, I never thought of becoming an expert. Or, at least that was not the
  purpose of my journey. After the university seemed logical to make a leap to Ireland,
  one of my favorite countries to improve my English.

  September 2008, now we talk about several years ago. In Ireland, in the end, it
  often rains, or the weather is uncertain and so you try to do the programs based
  on that too. It has never been a problem for me that kind of climate. Picked the
  school, in Dublin, my experience begins. I had planned most things, in the end I
  really like to plan, to be prepared. Every weekend the school organized excursions,
  to which I would participate, and besides I had planned a rather detailed exploration
  of Dublin for free afternoons, rain, or not rain.

  My daily exploration continued to perfection, and even the surroundings of Dublin
  immediately became familiar to me. From the Castle and the Gardens of Malahide,
  to the Sunday markets of BlackRock, up to the fair mounds of Bru Na Boinne, Newgrange.
  What I might not have considered was how easy it is to feel lonely when it comes
  to the experience of such an important and long time abroad for the first time.

  The days passed without problems, but in the evening the solitude felt a bit. You
  could get to know some students, but they often made groups according to their nationality
  and it was not easy to make friends. And then I''ve always been a little shy. But
  there were pubs in Dublin. Lots of pubs. Just that I''ve never been a big lover
  of beer, so I wondered at the end what I would have done in a pub alone ... but
  in the end I went there. And that''s when I had a big surprise. The Irish are really
  sociable as they describe them. I never spent an evening at the counter alone, because
  every night there was someone from the place who was talking to me. And after seeing
  me for several evenings in a row, take an unacceptable  drink , I was "forced" to
  drink beer. No, I do not like it. But you try it, you can not like beer. And then
  Kilkenny, Harp and the most famous Guinness made me company, along with the friendly
  Irish for the rest of my stay in Dublin. And in addition to love Ireland even more,
  I am now a great beer admirer. I prefer dark, of course.'
