Title: Being Balkan!
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/being-balkan
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Prathyusha Devalraju
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I, Prathyusha - An International film tourism consultant , travel a lot around
  the globe for work - taking Indian cinema to shoot their stunt sequences , songs
  and talkies.While having this experience , i tend to study a lot about the country
  before suggesting it to any film maker. Bulgaria came as a surprise to me 3 years
  back , when i first heard about filming there. Though iam a traveller by nature
  , my work demands me to have a mindset of a typical tourist - booking hotels, transport,
  travel for the crew. obviously trying to weigh the best possible cheapest options
  available for any country. I try to learn the language before anything else, usually
  - because i feel communication is the most important thing to make your connections.
  I did make a lot of friends , stayed at their home after drunken nights , travelled
  along with them to experience all sides of the country , eat their cuisine , imitate
  their body language , share my stories as an indian , understand their life style
  / culture , study a little bit about their history - find my tribe end of the day.
  I really look forward to experience all the local - food , as i really feel that
  its something which keeps people closer than imagination - all across the world.
  The bulgarian food i realised is influenced by turkey , greece , russia - a lot
  as they were a part of them earlier. I also notice that the moment we are less cranky
  about the food when we travel is when we look forward for a better stay. Neverthless
  , i was lucky to have tasted the recipes made by my local friends grandparents ,
  the oldest restaurants , good old meals - which indeed made me fall in love with
  the country more and more! My friends now connect to me on a different level - as
  they understand their emotions behind every thing they eat - made out of their own
  stories and experiences of their lives. adding the language and expressions i give
  them after tasting them makes them more surprised! I make all the efforts to just
  understand the food and thats my local connection with any place i travel to.
