Title: Being welcome in a Snowstorm
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/being-welcome-in-a-snowstorm
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Francesco Buonaurio
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'Mardin - South East Turkey

  A dangerous place nowadays.

  I''ve been there as a project manager for the EU, the project was a cultural exchange
  and I was 23, travelling for the first time somewhere where the dominant religion
  was Islam.

  The hosting group took us to the "hostel", a building with no sign on top of a hill,
  for the night.

  We were a group of 3: an Italian guy, an Hungarian guy, a Greek girl, never met
  before any of them.

  The snowstorm started during the night, we woke up with no electricity, phone line,
  water, food, and the snow was already so high cars couldn''t go around. I was stuck
  in a remote place with people I didn''t know.

  Then the beauty of human fraternity.

  Me and the girl go out trying to hitchhike for a ride down the hill, where food
  would have been available. We were hungry. We succeeded. A van stops, not really
  safe due to weather, but we jump on. Two old men, no teeth, try to communicate with
  us in Kurdish and gestures. "Food" and "eating" have a gesture that fortunately
  is internationally recognised. We trust them, and even if it was all covered in
  white to the point where there was no horizon anymore, they managed to take us to
  a restaurant. These two have been a gift from the sky already.

  In the restaurant where we went, drops were falling from the ceiling. It wasn''t
  the most modern place I''ve seen. The only guy in the shop, at 10am, turned all
  the stoves and the kitchen on, for 2 hungry vagabonds. Food was good, surely made
  with love.

  We took the food and decided to get on one of these local mini busses to get back.
  The snow was melting and cars were popping out. Seeing the two foreigners, the guy
  on the bus decided to give us a free ride, trying to explain us where to go. We
  didn''t get each other, but it was lovely to notice the kindness and the effort.

  In the middle of nowhere on that hill, while going around in the street, fortunately
  the host group picked us up, not expecting we would have had go out hunting for
  food.'
