Title: 'Beyond the limits '
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/beyond-the-limits
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Rishabh Sahay
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Few places in the subcontinent come close to the tummy-flipping beauty of the
  Himalayan mountain system. Like a pretty young girl, magnanimously voted by all
  as the beauty of her family, Jammu and Kashmir (often referred to simply, as J&K)
  has always been enveloped in an aura of mystery and elusiveness. J&K consist of
  3 main regions: religiously oriented Jammu (the winter capital of the state), the
  pretty, flowery valleys of Kashmir and the cold, ruggedly handsome desert land of
  Leh-Ladakh. Whichever area you choose to start with, try completing the entire circuit
  to do full justice to these spellbinding lands of the North.

  Srinagar

  Located on the banks of the Jhelum river, at an elevation of 5,200 feet, Srinagar
  holds the distinction of being the "summer capital" of J&K. Srinagar is well known
  for the"Dal Lake" and its many colourful ''shikharas'' and house-boats. It is also
  known for dry fruit, saffron and traditional Kashmiri handicrafts like handwoven
  woollen shawls, carpets and rugs.

  Not far from the hustle and bustle of Srinagar is a pristine little hill-town called
  Pahalgam. The area holds a rich cover of vegetation, the dominant forest consisting
  of conifers which account for over 90%. There are many species of rare, endangered
  and protected species to be found among the vegetation here. Wildlife enthusiasts
  are bound to spot some Hangul, Musk deer, Serow, Brown bear, Leopard, Rhesus macaque,
  Grey langur, Wild bears etc, apart from a large variety of exotic mountain birds.
  Due to the constant threat of illegal border crossings, the Indian army is always
  patrolling the area and is on constant high alert. However, the area is safe for
  tourists.

  Gulmarg

  Legendary beauty, prime location and proximity to Srinagar make Gulmarg a premier
  hillstation in the region. Originally called "Gaurimarg" by shepherds, its present
  name was given in the 16th century by the Mughal Sultan Yusuf Shah, who was inspired
  by the sight of its grassy slopes emblazoned with wild flowers. But Gulmarg is not
  merely a mountain resort of flowery beauty- it also boasts of the highest green
  golf course in the world at an altitude of 2,650 meters. The journey to Gulmarg
  is half the enchantment of reaching there roads avenued by tall fragrant poplars,
  rice fields interspersed with picturesque villages and lots of pretty fragrant flowers.
  There is a point known as "View Point" where travellers generally stop to get a
  lungful of fragrant air and take in the beauty of the white-capped mountains.'
