Title: 'big country '
DateModified: '2018-01-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/big-country
SetInCountry: Sudan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Amin Siddig
AuthorCountry: Sudan
Text: 'In 2016, me and my friend went to one of the states of Sudan, called North
  Kordofan, where there is the city of El Abyad and Bara. The first day was our journey
  to explore the El Abyad city and its landscape. When we arrived, we saw a mountain
  at the entrance to the city. The next morning we went to that mountain, after climbing
  the mountain and it was very exhausting We were thirsty We did not carry with us
  a drop of water "We are stupid" We had to find a source of natural water to drink
  it, but instead of finding water We found a soldier of the army Reflecting nature
  above the mountain, He says it is a daily journey from the base to this mountain
  Relaxation and a sense of calm, and in spite of our thirst we took share our talk
  about other areas and its beauty.


  The soldier said that there are many areas he visited alone. He loves calm away
  from the war and the sound of fire. He always looked for places where he felt happy.
  My friend and I were touched by the soldier''s words because we know that our country
  has been ravaged by war and we always strive to show it in the best possible way.
  This is our plan from our internal journey to show the beauty of the Sudan to the
  Sudanese themselves and to the whole world.


  This was the conclusion of our day, that there are soldiers who hate war and like
  calm and tranquility, love their country and love its nature, they are not devoid
  of feelings and sensibilities as we thought


  We did not forget our thirst, even though we were touched by the soldier''s words.
  We asked him about a place where there was water. He told us there on the top of
  the other mountain there was a pool of water stored in the rocks because of the
  rain, despite the extreme fatigue of climbing we went to the other mountain and
  climbed to the top to find the water. Not drinkable, we had the crazy laugh at that
  moment and we returned to our inclusion disappointed.


  Finally we found a shady tree that we could sit under to take some rest until the
  sunset to photograph the views from above the mountain, which was our main goal,
  after waiting for sunset and taking pictures we finally got out of the mountain
  in total darkness. But we had a water bag in the bottom brought by a local friend,
  we drank a lot of water and ended our day and we are very happy. Today we are in
  2018 and two years have passed on this story but I remember it as yesterday.'
