Title: Birthday Behavior
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/birthday-behavior
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ashley Hairston
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I have always admired Beyonce her elegance her poise her stage performance and
  her ability to captivate a crowd of millions has always inspired me.For my 30th
  birthday my sister decided it would be a great ideal to take me to a Beyonce concert.Unfortunately
  the tourdate in our city was sold out. So my sister decided to turn the Beyonce
  concert into an adventure. So she booked us a hotel and we spent 4days in Pittsburgh.We
  packed our clothes gassed up the car and set out on an adventure.At the hotel we
  were told we wouldn't be able check in for three hours.Waning to keep a positive
  vibe of the trip  we decided to explore PittsburghThe restaurant we chose was Joe's
  crab shack.The staff was friendly and the food was delicious.When we completed our
  meal we went outside to shop among  the local street vendors.I purchased sun glasses
  what betterway to make a trip cool then to have on awesome  new adventure shades.The
  next day we decided to take a tour with  the Pittsburgh Tour Company.A tour of the
  cityof Pittsburgh on a double decker bus. The tour ran all day with multiple stops.
  We got off the bus at The Strip District.The Strip District is the equivalent to
  a outside street fair that Pittsburgh offers all year.The high light of the strip
  was a store by the name of Peace love and little Donut that made fresh miniature
  donuts. After leaving the donut shop I seen a yoga class that was just starting
  in the middle of the street. My sister and I love Yoga so we approached the class
  and asked to join. After our yoga class we decided it was time to get back on the
  bus.We spent the next day exploring  freely.We asked the locals  for the best places
  to go.What better way to make a local connection than toask someone who is a local.The
  final night had to be memorable. We rode the  Duquesne Incline this  is a skylight
  passenger pull car that takes you 400feet above Pittsburgh.The day of the concert
  I was utilizing my exceptionally strong hearing range and over heard the person
  another  hotel guest said they were traveling to the Heinz stadium by water.We did
  the same.The over all performance was fantastic.The concert date we attended was
  close to the untimely demise of the Iconic performer The Artist Formerly known as
  Prince.This extended our concert experience by two hours as Beyonce utilizedthis
  time to pay tribute to the prince legacy. Beyonce performed PurpleRain,When Doves
  cry1999,little Red Corvette and ended withand  and exited the stage in purple smoke.
