Title: Bite ME
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/bite-me
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Faiza Hussain
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'Leaving My life behind to go and explore the beauty on this earth, was the
  easiest decision at the time made. After graduating from university travelling was
  the only thing that made sense, and something I had wanted to do for a very long
  time. With no more commitments, it was the best time to begin My adventure. To finally
  begin the life I wanted to live made me excited beyond words.


  I began My travels in SEA at the very beginning of 2016, over two years later I''m
  still travelling. With little to no plan, no research whatsoever. Beginning a journey
  with no idea of what was to come.


  The four months spent travelling SEA was everything and more if there was one word
  to describe My travels through SEA, it would be a DREAM. Exploring five countries
  top to bottom, to making friends every place I went.

  Climbing mountains, hiking national parks, Island hoping, never missing a sunset,
  trying every fruit shake, eating crickets, Quad-biking over sand dunes and through
  the countryside, spending days in the hot springs, bamboo rafting through a cave
  to see thousands of bats fly out and so much more.

  I remember being so happy and content in life, I never knew happiness like that
  existed. There is not a single moment I would change.


  The first day of My Australia working holiday visa was the first day I felt home
  sick, being in a country where everyone spoke English was like being back home.
  Waking up in a positive mood the next day defined My Australia travels, as I made
  an amazing group of friends. Two of whom joined me to do our farm work to complete
  our 88 days for a second year visa.


  A month or so into farm work I bumped into a man who has effected My mental being
  for the last six months of My life. A man who at the time of meeting him, seemed
  to be the most perfect man who could have walked into My life. Little did i know
  he was fighting demons in his head. The relationship lasted a year, a year of dealing
  with his mental illness, wanting to end things but being emotionally blackmailed
  as he would threaten to end his life. Till the day I finally built up the courage
  to end our ties he attacked me in public and bit my face and left me with a scar
  of his teeth marks on My chin. He got sentenced to 3 months Imprisonment and promised
  counselling sessions.


  My travels was going so well this is the last thing I would have expected, The only
  thing that has kept me going is the positives of travelling and how much i love
  My life despite the hiccup that occurred.'
