Title: Bliss in the Snow
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/bliss-in-the-snow
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anuran Chakraborty
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The snow capped hills on the other side of the valley shone in the early morning
  light, a brilliant hue of orange and red. There was just enough sunlight leaking
  in through the cracks on the dark grey clouds to make this incredible view possible.
  Roni had barely ever seen anything so beautiful. The rocks plunged down barely a
  few feet away from where he stood sipping on his chai, hundreds and hundreds of
  meters into a deep valley still green with its evergreen foliage, unaffected by
  the snow. Up here at the junction between Green Gate and Longwood, it was quite
  a different story though. Roni''s feet made crunching noises on the white wherever
  he walked. It had poured quite heavily last night, the first snow of the season
  and overnight it had turned firm and slightly icy. Thus making the tar road meandering
  down from Longwood bus stop down into the valley bellow rather slippery. Coco came
  down that very road now, puffing on a Camel. Looking cheerfully at his cousin he
  said "Soaking in the sights brother?", "Absolutely!", replied Roni grinning from
  neath his grey woolen cap. The timing could not have been better. Roni had traveled
  all the way from the eastern coast of India from the city of Calcutta, 2500 km''s
  away to rendezvous with his cousin at the national capital of New Delhi where Coco
  lived and worked. They had then made the rest of the journey, some 900 km''s together
  by road to reach the city of Shimla, high up in the Himalayas. A much needed night
  of rest later, they had woken up to witness the city decked in white!

  Another pair of young men descended from the bus stop now. They appeared to be locals,
  gauging from their lingo. They stopped a few feet away from Coco. One took out a
  pouch from the inner pocket of his coat and proceeded to roll a joint of fine hashish.
  The other pulled out a local cigarette and tried unsuccessfully lighting it with
  a cheap lighter. Looking up at Coco he said, "Got a light mate?", in crude English.
  Coco happily complied and struck up a conversation with the man. They were Manoj
  and Lati, workers at the local beer factory and lived just a stone throw away. Having
  finished rolling, Lati offered it to them with a smile, "Want some? It''s good stuff".
  Roni''s eyes met Coco''s and they smiled. The smoke breezed through Roni''s lungs,
  flavored and sweet. Colors seemed to grow brighter, the chirps of a lone bulbul
  nearby sweeter. Innocence gushed through Roni''s veins, infallibly lighting his
  eyes. Lati cracked silly jokes nearby.'
