Title: Border Crossing
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/border-crossing-2
SetInCountry: Guinea
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Carrie Knowlton
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: We crossed the border from Senegal to Guinea all the time, so weren't worried.
  Living as Peace Corps volunteers in southern Senegal, we got to know the local gendarmes
  well, and they let us pass freely with just a flash of our passport and no visas.
  It wasn't smart, but it was how things worked for people who crossed over to sell
  their wares at the local market on the other side. The borders were for the French,
  not the Africans, and not for us, the Americans who spoke Pulaar, apparently. The
  Guinean gendarmes were not quite as friendly, however, and always meticulously scrutinized
  our passports on the way home. After an afternoon of roasted meat, spicy grilled
  sweet potatoes and thick brown couscous soaked in sugar and sour milk, we were ready
  to return home. My passport had been safely in my friend's back pocket, but when
  he reached for them, they were gone, along with his wallet and all of our money.
  He had been pickpocketed in the busy market! We didn't know how we would return
  to Senegal without the passports, and Conakry was a 12 hour bus ride away. We felt
  so stupid, and sat down on the side of the street to make a plan. I was crying,
  and neither one of us knew what to do. An older gentleman in a long indigo boubou
  came over to us. 'Fanku!', he said, Pulaar for 'quiet' and a common directive given
  to people who are upset and sad. There are so many people who lack food and shelter
  and safety - Fanku is a reminder that whatever is wrong, it couldn't be that bad.
  "Fanku, fanku", he said. Then, he pointed to an empty table on the other side of
  the market. "Ko on je'i?" Are those yours? We looked and our passports had been
  left in plain sight on the table. Whoever had stolen our money must have realized
  that we needed the passports more than he did, and left them for us to find. We
  jumped up, grabbed our passports, thanked our new friend, and returned to Senegal.
  We never crossed the border without a visa again, and never forgot that there are
  worse things than losing a little money and time.
