Title: Brahmagiri trek and Soochipara falls at Wayanad
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/brahmagiri-trek-and-soochipara-falls-at-wayanad
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Soumyojyoti Banerjee
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Destination Thirunelli !

  Here I was at Sultanbatheri , figuring out a bus that might take me to Kalpetta.
  I was not too happy about the fact that I wont be able trek to Chembra peak on account
  of the Wayanad Forest Department putting a stop to permissions for the rest of the
  month.

  Linto , my cheerful hostel manager had helped me chalk out an itinerary to mostly
  touristy places , the likes of which I was not fond of. Researching places even
  while I was at the bus station , I figured a trek is what I wanted to do , and Pakshipatalam
  near Thirunelli seemed like an option.

  A quick check for places to stay yielded a post where I could book a dorm at the
  temple lodge for as little as 25 rupees !

  I called to check the place as I boarded the bus to Manathavady to ensure they would
  keep a bed for me where I can check in about 4 pm. So it turned out that there were
  no direct buses to the temple town and Manathavady which was 41 kilometers away
  and an hours drive by bus was the way out.

  From Manathavadi to Thirunelli , it was another hour of winding roads through the
  forests and towering areca nut plantations.

  This was such an accidental trip that I only realized later this place was steeped
  in folklore and its history dated back to a thousand year or even earlier.

  Also known as Dakshin Kashi , the spring that gurgles past the temple is known as
  "Papanasini" which literally means " it washes away all your sins".

  Despite being a pilgrimage site , the entire town was well maintained and not too
  crowded , literally in the middle of nowhere surrounded by forests and hills.

  After check in, I was asked to get in touch with the forest department office which
  was about a good 30 minutes walk on the outskirts. I did happen to notice electric
  fencing at places to ward of animals and billboards declaring how the roads were
  an animal passing area "Don''t Stop, Park ,Get Down"

  Now not being a local , I had no clue that there was a winding road up to the office
  which was a shortcut and I walked the longer route  enjoying the late afternoon
  sun while clicking away at the forest foliage and play of light.

  It was only the sounds of birds or rustle of leaves in the gentle breeze , part
  of a tranquility so scare in my day to day city life!

  I met the caretaker at the Forest department bunglow and he asked me to report to
  the place after breakfast the next day at eight in  the morning for the Brahmagiri
  Trek.

  Thus life excites you anew everyday and tomorrow is another story!'
