Title: ' Braving the Elements'
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/braving-the-elements
SetInCountry: Morocco
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Brian Barry
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'Looking out the single pane window of the refuge at dawn, the glass rattled
  and a feeling of uncertainty settled in. As the rain beat down and the wind continued
  to howl, day two of our climb was looking less likely.


  Just a few hours ago, we were walking along the trail from Imlil, in glorious weather,
  blue skies carrying us every step of the way. Mules drank from streams and mighty
  peaks surrounded us as we walked through valleys, completely unaware of what lay
  ahead.


  Lacing our boots, later after breakfast than most, almost every guided group had
  already turned back. Powered by the mighty gales, the refuge door swung open with
  force, mother Earth letting us know she was firmly in charge.


  Crossing the snowpack, the water rushed less than a metre below the soles of our
  feet, we found ourselves on a narrow trail. No wider than the width of our shoe,
  a slow ascent took us to a rocky outcrop high above our resting place the evening
  before. Leaning our packs against the mountain for support, we persevered, one foot
  at a time.


  Opening out into a wide funnel-like space, the ferocious wind blew against us. Huddling
  behind rocks, we shared the trail with two British military teams and one other
  couple hiking independently. Egging each other on, we pushed forward while keeping
  our doubts at bay in hope that everything would be ok.


  Hailstone rained down hard just as the wind picked up. Every inch of bare skin stang
  with each step forward, as the weather did it''s best to deter us from reaching
  the summit. Squatting down low, cuddling together for comfort, we turned our backs
  to the wind and stood strong, waiting for a clear window.


  Moving quickly, we reached the base of the final ascent and negotiated the narrow
  trail with care. Strong gusts made every effort to throw us down the side of the
  mountain but holding on to each other, uttering words of encouragement through our
  scarves, we moved on with one goal in mind. The summit.


  Climbing, you hope for views beyond your wildest dreams for miles. Today, the views
  were sparse. Looking through the odd break in the clouds we could see glimpses of
  the surrounding beauty. Just enough to intrigue and satisfy our yearning.


  Standing at 4,167m, on the summit of Jebel Toubkal, we felt accomplished. The rusty
  iron graffiti-marked post wasn''t glamorous but fitting of our climb to North Africa''s
  highest peak. On our descent, the skies cleared, as the mountain teased us, beckoning
  us to try again for those perfect views.'
