Title: Break Free
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/break-free
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Apoorva Gauba
AuthorCountry: India
Text: The world is vast and most of us inhabit a very tiny part of it for most of
  the years of our stay on the planet. As human species evolved and realised the good
  that specialisation in work could do to us, we ignored how vivid our minds are,
  how capable & desirous of diverse work we are & how sticking to one thing despite
  being the best at it still defeats our primal instinct of exploring myriad things
  in the world & ourselves. We all moved over to the concept of doing what we do better
  than most & doing it more than anything else & called it jobs. The jobs that pay
  us are these. They make us professionals of our field & draw a tiny circle around
  us as the periphery we rarely step out of. How many accountants would nurture their
  vocal cords to sing some melody? Or how many dancers would ponder over the righteousness
  of our political leaders? That the world is more integrated than ever now is obviously
  recognised by most of us, credit rewarded to social media, globalisation, technological
  upgradation among other things, but who thinks of it this way that despite all these
  seemingly developed structures of getting everyone closer, we have somehow also
  nurtured individual worlds of our own, trapping & isolating us from all that's around.
  It is of course evident in our lives now. The breaking free, the long weekend trips,
  the the weekend hobby classes for adults, the every friday night party plans are
  all tellers of how we desperately need to break the shackles of routine every now
  & then because we were never cut out in straight lines to fit into a sleek box.
  We weren't this at the first place, probably can't ever be. We were always the crooked,
  wild-branched trees that grow in non-linear fashions. For routine to become routine
  for humanity is unreal. No matter the shifts the world sees, we can't drift away
  from what we are at our core. As the striving work culture is giving way to rapidly
  increasing specialisation of all sorts of tasks & simultaneously boosting the streamlining
  of what every individual is supposed to be doing, don't we also observe the upsurge
  in the number of travel trips people annually take to oppose a narrow path of what
  they are supposed to be doing to revel in a multitude of offerings of our incredibly
  diverse habitat. Undeniably, the monotony cultivated by routine is best fought with
  travel. To lead a whole life close to the place you took birth would be the last
  thing I'd expect for anybody.
