Title: Breaking Up in Peru
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/breaking-up-in-peru
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: J Henry Hansen
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'On June 28th, just five days after my paying job as a high school teacher finished
  for the summer, my partner, C, and I boarded a plane headed to Lima, Peru. We had
  a few days to explore Lima and Arequipa before we joined a bicycle tour, something
  we had planned and trained for since April. Our van-supported tour covered a southern
  loop of Peru that began in Arequipa and ended in Cusco. Cycling at 16,000 feet altitude
  is no joke, and when I was not able to ride up a 1 km vertical hill, I hopped into
  the van. However, C was a stubborn athlete and refused to hop in the van, which
  resulted in her getting severally ill with the mountain sickness. This was the first
  of several events that led me to see her in a different light.


  There were moments when I felt frustrated with C, for no other reason than: we were
  mostly together 24/7 for three solid weeks. I have never experienced this before,
  because in general, I travel solo. Yet at other times I became flabbergasted at
  the person I love due to her lack of rational decision making skills that sometimes
  affected safety. There was a money mix up, where C did not count change and gave
  away my money. I also nearly lost my mind because I needed time and space away from
  my partner, but she didn''t want to be alone. We had never argued this much before
  and I wondered why the heck we were even together. I agreed to go rafting even though
  I didn''t want to, which was the worst excursion even and resulted in my getting
  sick. The last thing I expected traveling Peru with my partner, was that she and
  I would break up. As on every trip I have ever taken, I learned much about myself,
  my abilities, my weaknesses and how I move through the world. This marks the first
  time I have traveled with a partner in over two decades of traveling solo, and one
  of those as a sober person. It was not easy. We agreed to take some "time off" which
  worked out since I was continuing my travels for three more weeks and she was heading
  home.'
