Title: Breathless to the pass (out)
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/breathless-to-the-pass-out
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Claudia Filpes
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: While I was working in England in small IT company my colleague told me about
  his intention to do the Annapurna Circuit some time. As I didn't have any travel
  plans yet and I love to go hiking I kind of fell for his idea. So instead of getting
  paid with my regular salary my workplace paid for a 14day trip to Nepal including
  the Annapurna Circuit Trek. I didn't really know what to expect but once I started
  packing I started to realize where I put myself into. I would cross the Thorong
  La Pass on an elevation of 5416m! What was I thinking? What if I get mountain sickness?
  What if I twist my ankle? What if... I just have the time of my life :) Once I've
  arrived in Kathmandu I was so excited and couldn't wait to start the trek. But there
  were some other obstacles. I didn't know yet with whom I'll be hiking with (only
  that there are two other girls who are interested in the trek). In the afternoon
  I met Mel, a girl from Australia, going on the upcoming adventure with me. And she
  was sick. So we got to know each other on the way to the hospital where she had
  to stay for six more hours. The other girl was from Italy and had some more mountain
  experience. Doesn't sound so bad for a start :D I don't want to go into too much
  detail (you can find the whole story on my blog) but I can tell you we've become
  good friends during the trek. The trek was breathtaking in every way - beautiful
  landscapes, laughing a lot, and struggling to breath because of the altitude. We've
  met so many nice people on the way and it was awesome to have some locals by our
  sides. KV our guide told us a lot about his culture and life. Sleeping in simple
  accommodations, sweating and freezing, suffering from sore muscles and just enjoying
  the whole experience. The toughest and most rewarding part was definitely the day
  we've crossed the pass. Starting at 4am in the morning, covered in snow, freezing
  like crazy with a heartbeat that made me go crazy. Not able to talk, barely able
  to breath and stuck in my mind. I thought I go crazy. But the sunrise bring back
  some light and positivity back to me. After four hours of struggling we've finally
  reached the top. Up there everyone was hugging each other, like a bunch of the happiest
  people on earth. It was just amazing! We've overcome our limits and pushed ourselves
  further than expected. I'm so thankful that I've been part of this experience, accompanied
  by nice people who became friends! I would definitely do it again.
