Title: Broken dreams for Christmas
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/broken-dreams-for-christmas
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Quirino Bellini
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Overcrowded streets, chaos, sacred cows, ruins and dirt, the smells of spices
  and oils, colorful fabrics, slowness, Hindu ceremonies and rituals. The Indian world
  slaps you, scratches you, holds you tight and finally kidnaps you.

  Two months alone had already passed, from Delhi to Varanasi, from Jaipur to the
  sanctuaries up the Himalaya, from Dharamsala to the Taj Mahal; trains, buses, hitchhiking,
  walks, tuk tuks, scooters, boats; and the adventure had just begun.

  Southeast Asia was waiting for me and perhaps Australia or Japan; I would have found
  some small job. And then South America! I would have learned Spanish and visited
  the Amazon. And then we will see. How long? As long as I will go. Joy, curiosity,
  energy. I was feeling strong and euphoric.

  The splendid Golden Temple, the Sikhs, with their turbans, their long beards, the
  daggers tied to their belt; my mind tried to steal every single image, to remember
  every single smell, to save every little sensation I was feeling.

  I was wandering on a dusty road, rubble scattered here and there and an Indian guy
  frying samosa at the corner. It was noon and it was sunny. Two men were placing
  bags full of grain on a handcart. There was an old typography a little further on.
  I think I have never seen a newspaper being printed in my life before.

  A skinny, shabby dog was lying on the dirt a few steps away on my left, staring
  at me while her puppies were playing nearby. "Cute!", just before the mother decided
  to taste my calf. Pain, agitation, a local who comes to rescue me, the animal that
  runs away, and the trip on a motorcycle to the nearest hospital.

  "It''s just a scratch I am ok, I do not need anything", but the blood was flowing
  out and the hospital was actually a pharmacy along the road. They gave me a shot
  of anti-rabies and anti-tetanus. I started to read about these viruses, the type
  of treatment, the symptoms. Anxiety was crawling in my skin. The atrocious doubt
  of a possible potentially fatal infection and the death threat had taken control
  of my brain. Sleepless nights, tachycardia and fear. I would have never thought
  all my inner strength, my curiosity, all my certainties and my energies could collapse
  like a paper castle under a storm.

  I decided to go home, to seek security and shelter in the Western bubble, in the
  reassurances of our doctors, in 24 hours surveillance, in the water without cholera,
  in my mother''s love. "If I die, at least I will be next to my family". It was Christmas
  after all.'
