Title: 'Bumping into Perfect Stranger Things '
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/bumping-into-perfect-stranger-things
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Merve Bor
AuthorCountry: Turkey
Text: 'This is a letter for young me. Merve, you are going to plan to go to Italy
  in June, 2017.

  First day in Rome the stranger things will start to occur. After getting shock with
  the historical architecture of Rome, and eating gelato, your friend & you need to
  be more quick to catch the last subway, but don''t worry, if you can''t catch the
  subway you will catch cute German tourist group!


  Next days, in Florence you will finally buy the sculpture of David that you want,
  and you will carry it all the way long in your journey without any complain! In
  "Piazzale Michelangelo" you are going to meet with an Italian man whose name is
  Francesco, and don''t worry he will help you to get you home! Yes, I''m laughing,
  because it will sound funny 5 days later, when you will meet with another Francesco!

  You will be in Venice on friday, so don''t forget that there is a public transport
  strike on Fridays! Why? Well, because you will miss the last bus which goes to your
  accomodation which is very far far away! Anyway, you will see the most beautiful
  navy blue color on the sky so far!

  Drink lots of Spritz, espresso and cappucino.

  You need much more time to catch the Milan bus in Venice, because the ferry that
  you are going to take will be so slow, so you will miss your Milan bus with one
  minute. The next bus is going to be the next morning which means all night you will
  wait on the bus station, and the mosqitoes are absolutely bite all your face, and
  evolve to "The Elephant Man", yet the good news is that you are going to meet with
  two Mexican girls!


  When you arrive to Milan, you are going to stay with your two good Italian friends.

  You will love Italian family dinners, and of course Alfredo salmon pasta, risotto
  with saffron and tiramisu and wines!! You will memorize the wine names as a poem.
  Barollo, Brunello, Chianti Classico!


  You are going to Bergamo at night, and you will wonder if the time machine has invented,
  and you went to the middle ages! If the horsemen would have been appeared in the
  streets you would be certain about time travelling! In 2018, you will watch a movie
  named "Call me by Your Name" and you will go back to Bergamo streets again.

  While saying goodbye to your friends, you will hear "Ciao bella" lines from your
  friend''s mother. At that moment, you will realize that it is not a movie, it is
  reality, yet it feels perfect.'
