Title: Bumpy Roads
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/bumpy-roads
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mareike Wotte
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'The noise had cut through the silence unexpectedly. The van that was previously
  moving swimmingly on the winding road between the dark green rainforest of Australia''s
  East Coast suddenly jerked heavily before coming to an abrupt halt on the left side
  of the road. I looked onto my hands that still clutched the steering wheel, feeling
  like a stranger to my own body. It took me some seconds before the adrenaline rush
  made some room for my temporarily lost senses. I jumped out of the driver''s seat
  and looked at the front left side where the noise came from. The tyre hung from
  the rim like the dead skin of a shed snake. It is in these situation that the unlimited
  freedom of travelling does not feel like a liberating gift of calculated solitude
  but a heavy burden of powerless incapacity. As I sat down in the wet grass that
  was still soaked by the last heavy rainfall I heard the quiet engine noise of a
  car in the distance. It was an old white pick-up truck with a rattling engine that
  tediously fought its way down the road. With a squeaking noise it stopped right
  next to me, followed by an even louder squeak of an opening door that soon gave
  way to a massive stature. "Y''all right there, love?", he asked with a strong Australian
  accent as he looked at me with kind brown eyes. His hair was unkempt and he was
  wearing a worn out brown shirt. "My tyre broke", I replied, torn between my natural
  hesitation and the liberating relief of not being alone in my iron cage of personal
  disaster anymore. "What a place to strand! This road can go hours without any car
  passing by!", he said, holding his hand towards me, "come on up!" With one fierce
  jerk, he pulled me up. He told me that he came to Australia over 17 years ago. He
  sold his house, his car; everything he owned, and booked a one-way flight to Australia
  where he started building his own wooden house in the middle of a forest. He has
  lived and worked on it ever since; a place where he can be himself without any social
  interventions that dictate him how to live his life. "It''s unlimited freedom",
  he told me, with a glance in his eyes that I will always remember. As we were driving
  on the bumpy road through the wild Australian nature, I thought about the fateful
  encounter and the irony of the situation: Two complete strangers that couldn''t
  be more different, but indeed, were not so different after all. With a smile on
  my face, I listened to the steady rattling of the car engine.'
