Title: Butterflies in England
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/butterflies-in-england
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Tyler Sondag
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I''m 27. I''ve spoken in front of thousands of people. Run marathons. Worked
  high-profile jobs for some of the world''s best-known companies. Traveled around
  the world. I have absolutely no need to be nervous.


  Yet, I am. The butterflies are flying.


  Borderline terrified. Overwhelmingly hesitant. It''s the first time I''ve had the
  feeling of wanting to crawl up in a ball and hide since I can remember.


  But this was day number four of 176. Suck it up. Grow up. Face your fears.


  I get off the train from London, sweat dripping down my head and the only bag I''ve
  got strapped around my shoulders. A short walk from the station and it''s in sight;
  I''d chosen it for its location.


  But I don''t go in. I''m not ready yet. Instead, I take a quick walk past the row
  of bars and shops and cross the bridge. I know something is off; I never do this.
  I give myself a quick pep talk.


  "Come on. You can''t call yourself a backpacker, a traveler, someone who just made
  the biggest decision to ''do something'' in his life and not do this."


  I walk back. Taking out my phone one last time, I double-check I''m in the right
  place and navigate to Snapchat for one last heroic addition to my Story.


  "Alright," I say as I exhale. Old, rusted bars cover the door like a prison. I ring
  the bell. Two seconds later the buzzer sounds, and I''m inside. Stairs and an aromatic
  combination of dirt and commercial cleaning products greet me. I start climbing.
  I''m in.


  Around the corner of the narrow stairwell I''m met by Josh, a young guy with light
  brown hair. "Hello! Follow me," he says in a Spanish accent.


  I follow, and soon I see a girl washing dishes. There''s an older man outside on
  the patio drinking a beer. I climb another short flight of stairs and Josh opens
  a door.


  "This is your bed," he says. "Enjoy yourself!"


  I was staying in my first hostel ever.


  I slip my backpack off my shoulders, take a shower, and sink into my new home for
  the night. Is this really happening?


  I sleep like a baby. Nothing is stolen. What?


  The next day I turned my key in, strapped my bag to my back once again, and walked
  outside into the crisp Oxford air. As I headed back to the train station I turned
  to see a group of butterflies flittering above the very place I had stood the day
  before giving myself that nerve-filled pep talk. I smiled at the irony. The butterflies,
  like my fear of the unknown, floated away.


  Note: I''d go on to stay in 54 more hostels in 18 countries over the next five months.
  Life is funny sometimes.'
