Title: 'calmness and peace from oppressive life '
DateModified: '2018-02-10'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/calmness-and-peace-from-oppressive-life
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: rahul  singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: i was gazing a sea and wave going up and down, the breeze on my face was giving
  peace to my restless soul . i was so blissful  to be in panji , also known as panjim
  , is the state capital of goa , in southwest india . located on the banks of the
  mandovi river. the city has cobblestone street lined with colorful villas and buildings
  from the portuguese era. while i was getting warmth of the sun a boy of maybe  18
  year old sat beside me i asked his name he told ' anton' , he was goan catholic
  we became friends instantly after a few conversation , i asked if he is free tomorrow
  as i was new to the city ,  i requested  him, will he  be my guide for tomorrow?
  after few request he agreed ,  we exchanged our number and then i moved to my hotel
  . we promised to meet each other tomorrow.the next day i called him and i picked
  him up from his house , his father was a fisherman and export fish to different
  state of india .unless from other state of india, i figured goa to be more non -disriminant
  state where all the religion of different cast, creed , colour and foreigner from
  different countries stayed harmoniously together. While travelling we spotted a
  tattoo shop where anton told me to get one ,i have always wanted to make one of
  this on my body and finally i got a temporary  tatoo of wolf on my shoulder , we
  also had a massage and medicure on local parlour .After that we travelled to our
  lady of the immaculate conception church ,The church sits a top a hill facing the
  square below. The city's municipal garden  lies to its southeast and can be seen
  from atop the hill.The exterior facade of the church, rich with Portuguese Baroque
  style architectural elements is painted a bright white to signify the Immaculate
  virgin, Mary. The interior of the church is not extravagant, but was  colourful.
  The main altar, which has an elegant decor, is dedicated to Mother Mary. while noticing
  and figuring out the city i looked a big poster where there was written light and
  life. i asked anton about this big poster , he explained me everything about this
  he told "Life wouldn't exist without light, that much we know. But light has also
  shaped so much of our lives and culture. It is a common symbol in religion and philosophy,
  it is found in our myths and rituals, and it is central to art and architecture.
  Light is a universal symbol of life, and we also speak of death as "going toward
  the light".This theme explores light and its hidden role in shaping our evolution
  and our humanity."
