Title: Caramel Chews and Kolkata, Painted Gold
DateModified: '2018-04-04'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/caramel-chews-and-kolkata-painted-gold
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Megha Majumder
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I live for these moments. These simple, candid moments that soften the rougher
  edges of life, like when the sun is peering through the glass of Kolkata Station
  and it''s painting me gold.


  The morning rituals feel like fading memories, now. My throat is parched, so I stroll
  into a shop adjacent to the station to purchase a water bottle and samosas.


  I owe the shopkeeper 35 rupees in total, and I proffer one-hundred.


  "You no need change?" he queries, smiling coyly.


  "It''s alright. Keep it," I reply. He presents me with two worn fifty-rupee and
  ten-rupee notes, and five Werther''s Original caramel chews.


  Around here, small change poses a huge problem. So, such an exchange is an element
  of daily life.


  As the tram to East Kolkata arrives, I secure the caramel chews in my knapsack.
  I locate a seat and unwind while waiting for the ticket inspector to gather the
  toll.


  "Five rupees. Exact only," he demands.


  Bear in mind, I hold no five-rupee notes due to the aforementioned exchange. I meekly
  present a fifty note, head bowed apologetically.


  A boy standing beside me hands the conductor two five-rupee notes, compensating
  for both our fares. He chuckles and whispers, "Tram''s awfully pricey, I''ll say."


  It only takes me a second to recall the caramel chews. I fish them out of my knapsack,
  and hand two to the boy and his comrade in gratitude. It just so happens that the
  boy has three more companions. They eagerly ask, "Any left, Didi?"


  And thanks to a slight change predicament, I do.


  Laughter bubbles up from somewhere inside me as I reflect on this delightful little
  sequence.


  I''ve experienced a million moments like this one, the kinds that made the heart
  swell. Yet, when people ask why India means so much to me or request recommendations,
  it''s not as though I might suggest, "Try forgetting all your change one day and
  meet a shopkeeper with a fancy for caramel chews..."


  Even so, it is why, and they certainly ought to, because the warm, fuzzy, little
  things are what make India so special. From my experience, a fondness for any place
  doesn''t lie in a single metropolis or a single incident.


  It isn''t for the Great Taj that I''m in love with India, and it isn''t for the
  grand affairs that I''m in love with this life.


  It''s for the tiny happenings amid the major milestones; the slew of moments that
  pile atop one other and fit together like Jenga blocks; the inbetween incidents
  that shan''t befall any soul in any place in precisely the same way they fall upon
  me.'
