Title: Carnaval Chaos
DateModified: '2018-02-12'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/carnaval-chaos
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Michael Lopez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: As I step foot out of my taxi I feel a quick blast of water hit the side of
  my face. A group of children found me as an easy target to soak within seconds of
  entering their city. As they ran off with their water pistols I could see the laughter
  come about from those crowding the streets of Cuenca just outside my hostel, as
  their expressions told me it was playful and somewhat expected. I quickly learned
  that I had arrived just in time for the city's biggest Carnaval celebration. I drop
  my luggage and take off to explore the town square of what seemed to be an infinite
  number of vendors, flooded with Ecuador's best salesman. A place filled with both
  distraction and detail, the town square located in the heart of the city of Cuenca
  carried such great energy and anticipation for the big event to come. I took notice
  to all the incredibly detailed handmade creations the locals had to offer. The colors
  from these small shops were beautifully displayed on all crafts being sold.  I worked
  up an appetite and picked my way through the foreign foods at the market, eating
  fruits my tongue has never tasted and smelling the aroma of freshly baked breads
  which my nose still longs for to this day. On my way back to the hostel I ask one
  of the elderly woman what I should expect come night. I took her pointing to another
  group of kids with water guns as a sign to get myself properly equipped for the
  festivities. And that's exactly what I did. With a couple of pesos I was able to
  score 2 hand held water pistols. I was ready to take on Carnaval......Or so I thought.
  As the sun went down and the musicians took the stage, the entire population of
  Cuenca filled the town square. From children to elders and all in between, everyone
  hoisted a water pistol, corn starch, or a can of silly string or shaving cream.
  If you were within the boundaries of the town square, you were fair game, and it
  was every man for himself as the shaving cream and silly string took flight through
  the air. Within minutes I was soaked in shaving cream, then dried up by a bag of
  corn starch, and soaked yet again by a small army of children and their water guns.
  As the children became tired and were walked on home, a majority of young adults
  were left together. A party which would continue on with its chaos flowing in and
  out of each bar along the streets surrounding the town square. Never had I expected
  on my first night in Ecuador to be part of such a lively event with people of all
  ages involving the entirety of a town.
