Title: 'Chico Granada '
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/chico-granada
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Pablo Pulisich
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'I was a camp counselor in my first work and travel experience. Just imagine,
  the only Argentinian, a town boy in the middle of the forests of Maine  surrounded
  by the strangest people he''d ever seen, it was my best decision so far, so good,
  what could go wrong?

  Session two, new cabin, new kids, teenagers, three Colombians, three French Canadians,
  one from Saipan and one from your local Maine shelter, nothing out of the ordinary,
  just eight boys in between childhood and manhood making jokes about boobs and butts.

  It''s day two, everything that can go wrong goes wrong as soon as I turn my head
  to look around, the Canadians had become a nightmare for the local kid, Malcom,
  and he was on the edge of a violent outburst that I had to defuse, it was 9am, we
  weren''t even out of the dining hall. Things are getting heated, but it wasn''t
  my first time defusing a situation like this with teens so I managed.

  Two hours later I had a call from the nurse, I show up to his office and he puts
  a huge medical file on the desk, it had Malcom''s name, I read it from top to bottom,
  left to right, no word unread, memorized, Malcom was a "chico granada", grenade
  kid in English, the kind of kid that get''s winded up with rage and ends up beating
  everything and everyone on range.

  I had to make a choice: Either keep Malcom on the cabin, having to supervise he
  takes his meds and ready to defuse any possible situation of explosive violence,
  or send him home, his home, a local shelter where his family lived after their trailer
  got destroyed in a storm. I, being a Latino raised man, have no fear of hardwork,
  so I chose to let this kid stay on our cabin, despite the possible implications.

  The next ten days unfolded with a tense sensation on my back, I had a kid that could
  go berzerk in no time, and had three kids that knew it yet still continued to tease
  him. It''s like having a lion and a cow on the same cage and being expectant for
  the obvious to happen, I was on constant alert.

  Nine days, one more to go, and the unexpected happened, the kid finally got to blend
  in, got to be recognized for his efforts, not by me, and not by any authority  but
  by his peers and by his own effort, all because he put dinner on the table by getting
  a huge fish out of the lake.

  I have to be honest, despite the stress, despite the constant fear of failure, despite
  the regret of making a hard choice from pure pride, that was the best fish I ever
  had.'
