Title: Chikmagalur our way
DateModified: '2018-02-13'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/chikmagalur-our-way
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Neha Singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: We started our journey towards the beautiful place famous for coffee beans without
  any itinerary. The 2 nomadic souls in a new city at 4:30 AM decided to walk around
  the streets while the city was sleeping amidst the cold breeze. To our amaze, we
  found a small restaurant which offered us the most delicious and fresh local breakfast
  early morning at 5:00 AM. After this blissful experience, we roamed around while
  we were waiting for the bus to arrive which would drop us near our hostel. We reached
  at the hostel, relaxed and headed to other part of town on walk till we got our
  beds in respective dorms. On the way we interacted with few locals in search of
  two wheeler, met school going kids and ended at their school with around 15 kids
  where they were celebrating Republic Day. While we enjoyed the view from outside,
  we were invited in the school to hoist the flag along with the kids. We had a blissful
  experience of meeting the kids, teachers and interacting with them. Later on the
  way, we got the opportunity to enjoy authentic Karnataka delicacy with a family
  who has stopped to have food while on their road trip. We ended up making a family.
  After getting the beds in hostel, we visited the grand and peaceful The Sarai. Having
  spent few hours there, enjoying the solace away from city life, we were amazed by
  the ambiance and hospitality of their staff. We headed to the city for food and
  explore the market, came back to hostel putting a full stop to the day. Next day
  we met the kids again and their faces were glowing with smiles after we offered
  them snacks and chocolates. After few fun moments and interactions with them, we
  started our exploration. We were accompanied by a local auto driver who became our
  guide,trek coordinator,driver and a person who taught us every possible learning
  of his life. Sharing his struggles, delightful moments and other phases of life
  he became an integral part of our adventure diaries. We were grateful to his outspoken
  nature, daring attitude and open to ideas, we had one of the most thrilling experiences
  in a new city. He made us visit his childhood memories, trekked on treacherous path
  in forests and gave us a splendid experience of offbeat adventures. We made friends
  with strangers we met before, exchanged untold stories and had most amazing 3 day
  trip to this small town. Destinations give us a reason to travel, but it is the
  people who make the stories. Our story is dedicated to fellow zostlers, auto driver
  and the school kids.
