Title: 'China:  A People and Culture So Dear to My Heart'
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/china-a-people-and-culture-so-dear-to-my-heart
SetInCountry: China
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Brenda Payne
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: My journey and love for China began with an unexpected request to teach in China
  through an Asian Cultural Center in my hometown of Louisville, KY.  While I love
  to travel and experience different cultures and sights, China had never been on
  my radar for places to visit.  Dujiangyan in the Sichuan Province was appointed
  my destination.  Dujiangyan, hit by a terrible earthquake in 2008, killed 70,000+
  people, primarily schools. At the time this destruction occurred, Beijing was hosting
  the Olympics.  It was days before Beijing knew of this catastrophe.  The people
  of Dujiangyan felt alone and forgotten.  The grieving parents, who by the one-child
  Chinese law, lost their only hope for a future.  They cried that the schools were
  made of tofu, for they crumbled more than other structures.  The entire town had
  to be rebuilt.  In 2011, I was sent to this town to teach English to teachers at
  the Xiang-e primary school.  I taught many lessons of grammar, vocabulary, sentence
  structure, idioms, music etc, and the teachers in my class taught me many lessons
  about their centuries-deep culture.  Traveling to and loving China's culture was
  THE LAST THING I EXPECTED.  I had come to China while care giving for my mother
  who had a stroke.  My brother stayed in my home for the month I was in China to
  care for our mother.  When I told my class my situation, I was embraced with love.  The
  21 teachers and I lived in the school.  We ate together and played together when
  not in the classroom.  The teachers brought to my mind beauty, resilience, and tolerance.  Many
  times we did not have water to bathe.  Water coolers were supplied to brush our
  teeth, and Chinese toilets take some time getting used to (squatting).  At the school
  there was a cook, Mrs. Wang, who spoke no English.  She invited me to her home for
  an authentic and delicious Chinese dinner.  We communicated by smiles and watched
  Chinese TV, which I could not understand.  On weekends teachers returned to their
  families, and the government supplied personnel to show me around this beautiful
  town in the mountains.  I went to the Irrigation Park which was built around 2500
  BC by Li Bing and visited Chengdu, the 5th largest city in China.  In parting, I
  left my heart and promise through the words of the song, "You'll Never Walk Alone",
  and a spirit of hope in the scripture, Lamentations 3:21-24.  I returned to China
  in 2016 and 2017, after having hosted two young women from China in 2016 for 6 months.
