Title: 'China: from my television screen to the streets of Shanghai'
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/china-from-my-television-screen-to-the-streets-of-shanghai
SetInCountry: China
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Suha Mamoon Hannoun
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'It was the day before the deadline when my friend sent me a link for a scholarship
  program to China. As I read through the page and began my application form, all
  I though was ''why not?''. Why not? This is a question I recently decided to replace
  ''what if?''. I hear around me people speaking about how with time we grow wiser;
  but, until a few months back, I didn''t know what that meant. As the years go by,
  we make more mistakes, regret more things we wish we did but were too scared to
  try, and essentially we fail more. From within the standardised box we choose to
  live in, these are negatives and instead of seeing the bigger picture, that all
  these ''negatives'' only bring us more positives, we decide to dwell on the fact
  that we are losing in life. So we live our lives thinking ''what if?'' and become
  to scared to risk the ''why not?''


  My trip to China was one of those ''why not?'' moments; I wasn''t harming myself
  or anyone in any way by simply applying - so that''s what I did. The last thing
  I expected to happen was to become one of the selected twenty scholarship recipients.
  Next thing I know, I''m on a plane to Shanghai, China with a group of people who
  did not exist until a few hours before boarding. I sat in the plane imagining what
  China would be like: polluted, messy, congested, busy... All the information I gathered
  about China was based on years of biased news reports and images displayed on social
  media. With constantly evolving internet, one would expect to come as close to the
  real thing as possible when researching about a place or object; that''s not the
  case - yet.


  When I walked out of Shanghai airport, I felt a cold breeze rush through my body
  and into my spine; the weather was almost below freezing point. I didn''t expect
  China to be cold; I thought it would have neutral weather with polluted air. Instead,
  I witnessed cold sunny days with almost clear air; I breathed normally and ingested
  the smell of chestnuts roasting on food stalls as we walked through the streets
  of Shanghai. I was surrounded by clean and non-congested streets that were filled
  with the voices of laughing children and friendly, smiling faces that welcomed us
  wherever we went.


  To say the least, it was nothing what I expected China to be; even though a part
  of me knew I was in for a surprise, the last thing I expected was for me to leave
  a piece of me behind in the hopes of returning someday and visiting more places
  in China that I have yet to see.'
