Title: City Transit
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/city-transit
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Tristan Mishell
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Kurt Vonnegut once lamented the invent of email for the lost tradition of walking
  to the Post Office to wait in line. He enjoyed meeting the other people in line
  and the conversations that time allowed because there was nothing to do but get
  to know a little bit more about those around him, people he knew nothing about but
  for the simple truth they shared at least one thing in common: waiting in line.


  It is the same with riding a city bus. It''s not the most time efficient method
  of travel but in focusing only on time spent, we are losing our efficiency in making
  connections with those who would expand our world view and understanding of each
  other, of events. By riding a bus, we allow ourselves the opportunity to observe
  stations of life. The homeless, the elderly and disabled, the soon-to-be homeless
  drug addicts and alcoholics, the burdened day of a single parent. We see the Indonesian,
  African, or Middle Eastern transplant families traveling as one to make their best
  effort of adjusting to our American way of life while trying to retain the memory
  of their own.


  There are the students: children choosing the odd safety of a city bus over the
  bullying on the school bus. The typical college kids traveling to a class they may
  skip or the med students heading toward the university hospital. Then there are
  the nontraditional because they retired years ago and found nothing better to do
  but study a world they have always been curious to know.


  There also the business and cubicle types, but more interesting are the drivers.
  Interesting for their observations each day that they leave the garage to run a
  route. They can tell of the kids they have seen grow, tortured artists with their
  eccentricities, homeless with all their possessions packaged in the most awkward
  way, passengers they have said hello to for years...who used to be well to do but
  are now down on their luck, wearing a faded suit and shoes once polished but now
  scuffed and suffering. Be relieved that they can tell stories of those who look
  better than when they first met, appearing to have come back from whatever it was
  that pushed them to the edge. And they can tell of the satisfaction found in their
  job when they manage to deliver a scared individual to a safe place.


  Most people, Americans especially, say they love to travel. Go to Instagram and
  it often seems as though everyone is traveling...everyone but you. I would recommend
  a person start their next trip by picking up a bus schedule.'
