Title: Climbing on the Azeri mountain
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/climbing-on-the-azeri-mountain
SetInCountry: Azerbaijan
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Gianluca Rovagna
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'When Elena asked me to meet her in Baku, I never did think of the possibility
  to risk my life leaning to a wall!! I expected to pass a week in a city, an old
  one, with lots of features in the modernity. Always thought that Caucas is the most
  romantic place in the world, among Islamic Turkish culture, the Russia where Elena
  comes, the desert and the sea in the same corner of the eye (The Caspian Sea is
  A sea, not a lake, for the Azeri people).

  For the first three days Baku has really been so. Romantic, spicy, sunny and lightly.  But,
  after this, the girl turned to me and told: "D''you like to come to the mountain
  tomorrow morning?". I knew she was a climber and this pushed me to train climbing
  indoor in Italy. I wanted her to be amazed when she would had discovered I could
  climb.

  The following day, we walked from the village of Laze to a big plane from where
  we can saw Georgia mountains. It was cool in the air and I felt very happy, because
  every one tried to speak English with me. Neither my efforts to bring chords with
  them pushed me to understand. Against a stone wall that appeared me giant, Elena
  and her friends, started to unroll the strings, than asked me to rope one around
  me and to put me stately: I was one of those, making the counterweight to the climbers.
  I felt great, thinking that Elena pushed her life in my hands, even if it wasn''t
  so seriously!! I was proud when a friend of her asked me to tighten the rope she
  was using. She looked like a little animal going up with her orange shirt and a
  big hair- lace, so light! At that point, a man came to me and told me to unrope
  the string, then, another one gave me another chord and pushed me to go near to
  the wall and start to climb. I was scared because it was the first time I tried
  to climb a real rock; Elena looked me from her heighness: I could do it! The first
  three steps were very harmfull, I wanted to cry for the pain, but I continued, focusing
  on my feet, where to put my legs. I know a lot of people suggested me what to do
  and where to go, but they spoke Russian!! And for me it was like they spoke... russian!!

  It had been long but, after the 30 minutes longer than my life, I reached Elena
  and the top, I felt down as I were dead, but when I opened the eyes, I could see
  the best panorama of my life: it seemed all the world from Noah on, were there to
  speak to me.'
