Title: Cloud 9
DateModified: '2018-02-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/cloud-9
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Manish  RAwat
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Around 2 years back that I had to travel to USA (RTP state) for an official
  project. As I love travelling and am being quite adventurous, so thought about adding
  some excitement to this trip. Out of my to do list, came out Sky diving, so without
  much thinking I booked a ticket for myself online, the decision to book was instant
  as in the past I have been guilty of going into a Paralysis mode when doing do much
  Analysis. Then came the Big day, it was a clear blue sky with clouds patches, I
  booked cab and reached the spot. I was given an instructor who was also the guy
  jumping along with me as this was a tandem jump. Now  as soon as we started walking
  towards the mini plane, could feel butterflies in my stomach. We were some 5-7 persons
  in plane who planned taking this jump. Now as the plane started to gain height i
  could not resist my fear and started asking myself "Why the hell do i want to do
  this", "Even i have not informed my family", What if this was my last day and blah
  blah..somehow i shared this feeling with my guide and he was obviously relaxed and
  mentioned it happens. Allright so when we reach the height of 13500 feet and the
  door was opened it was damnn scary as I never had imagined door opening at such
  an height before, and now since I was no so SMART guy, I was the first to JUMP.
  Somehow the guide pushed me to the edge of the door and said on the count of 3 we
  would jump and then countdown started  1 and then next second I was into air taking
  a 360 degree spin and seeing the plane from bottom and we going away from it and
  simultaneously thinking why did we jump on 2 and not 3, only to be told later  generally
  people generally hold on to do the door on count of 3, so guides jump on count of
  2. Anyways after couple of seconds of free fall I was now flying into the clouds
  and i was so amazed and excited to get a real feeling of an Eagle flying, seeing
  objects from such an height. This free fall continued for 30 seconds or so and then
  the parachute was opened and it gave a little jerk and then we started to come down
  slowly. Within 2 minutes we hit the ground and WoW i took a great sigh of relief
  and felt as I have really conquered some mission. Lastly what i felt was in life
  the Best Things happens to You when You take maximum risk and these are the moments
  that you would cherish throughout your life.
