Title: Clouds beneath the feet
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/clouds-beneath-the-feet
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Hardeep Moradiya
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"It would be freezing out there", that was the only thing, I had thought about
  manali, before I went there.

  "Manali - the town of ruby-red juicy apples", It was winter - a season in which,
  even the water gets freeze there within a few seconds. We had already trekked half
  of the route and were all set to depart from ''Chedu patthar'' towards ''Chandrakhini''
  ; Our summit destination.

  That was an awe-inspiring morning, all of us were warming our hands which were already
  freezing, our feet were eager to step towards that astonishing place, as we glared
  towards the alp with curiosity to reach there. We started the march with enthusiasm,
  looking towards the surrounding snow clad mountains and wet leaves of pine trees
  caused by foggy atmosphere. The layer of snow was so amazingly placed over the mountains,
  that we felt that, definitely there has to be a creator who made this scenic place.
  The sun emerged from the back of the gigantic mountains which was hidden behind
  them until then.

  The nature was so enchanting that it''s hard to even realize how farther you have
  trekked. You could clearly hear the chirping of birds above the open grounds. As
  we moved close towards the peak, the mist was diminishing and we could vividly see
  it. Here we are! As we reached at the apex of the mountain, it was so fascinating.
  It was the place, where you could see nothing above it, Inhaling that fresh air
  was so blissful.

  When you see beneath the peak, the only thing you could see was clouds, and it makes
  you to feel heavenly there. Those were the moments when you could feel that you
  are stationary and the land is moving right beneath your feet. The mountains, rivers,
  snow, dew drops all these things gave me ''The ineffaceable  moments'' of my life.

  The aromatic fresh air, slowly moving dew drops from the leaves; these all are the
  souvenirs that I''ll never forget, and when I remember the cuddling snow and mountains,
  I just want to welter on it and hug them over and over again,but you just can''t.
  The only thing that you could do, is to memorize the moment and that would bring
  the smile of felicity on your face.'
