Title: Colorful is an understatement
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/colorful-is-an-understatement
SetInCountry: Denmark
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Paul Kress
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: When some say one of the happiest places on earth, boy were they not kidding.
  From the architecture, the color, and I really mean the color of the buildings and
  the vibe you get, like a rush of air when you walk into the center of the city was
  unlike anything I have seen or been to before. I do admit I have not traveled much
  in my life, but I am young and do intend to do as much as I can to see the vast
  world we live on. For it is moments that make you realize that sitting back and
  relaxing can be good, rather it can be an extraordinary to just simply take the
  weight of what ever may be on your shoulders, just to take it off and embrace your
  surroundings. The people, the community all uplifting to someone no where close
  to home. All were just so welcoming, making you feel as if you weren't that "dumb
  American", but that friendly stranger from a land far away. I found myself just
  to be exploring the streets of this city, but it didn't have that typical city feel
  like New York City does. It was more relaxed, it was slower, which in my opinion
  can be very nice at times. Around the corner it seemed like there was always something
  new, something fun to explore, and there it was, that black and gold masterpiece.
  A clocktower, but not your typical clocktower, it was one with a certain flare to
  it, or as I like to explain it a cone with a chocolate and vanilla swirl to it.
  For the black and gold interchanged between each other wrapping around into a staircase
  and to top it off a cherry, or what seemed just as sweet, the breathtaking view
  that you could see at the top. For it wasn't just the remarkable view of this city
  but it was the people around the canals, riding the bicycles, the overall connection
  I was able to make with the locals. For it was like I had an "ah ha" moment and
  was able to see the world and how I am living it at a whole new perspective. It
  made me realize that when you stop actually looking for the beauty in something
  it presents itself to you, it comes like that rush of air,  it is the air and all
  around us. We just have to take a moment, that moment of just stopping and relaxing
  to appreciate where we are and what we have. For that was "the last thing I expected"
  to discover bliss at a moment of exploration. Exploration of the unknown has brought
  me to a new level of understanding what it means to be truly happy, what it means
  to appreciate your surroundings and just breathe it in. Thank you, Copenhagen!
