Title: Community under the Umbrella
DateModified: '2018-01-29'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/community-under-the-umbrella
SetInCountry: Hong Kong
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sharom Cabezas
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: When I first arrived in Hong Kong junior year of college I was both excited
  and terrified. Never had I been so far from a familiar face, or what I called home.
  The first week I spent isolated in my dorm, ocasionally I would draw the curtain
  and peek into the world outside. I wanted to explore, but there were too many "what
  if's". I could wander into the wrong neighborhood,  accidentally offend someone
  by breaking some obscure social custom I knew nothing about, eat an exotic meat,
  or simply get lost. I waited for school to start, surely I would gather courage
  in numbers. First day arrived and I found myself making eye contact with strangers
  on the street. Growing up in the South, it is more than acceptable to flash a smile
  in their direction but my enthusiam was not reciprocated. Although it was over one
  hundred degrees, the place that I so longed to visit since childhood suddenly seemed
  several degrees colder, and that much more distant. The hive started to break itself
  up in my mind. Each bee was now an individual contractor,  going about their own
  way with no time to spare for each other, much less a foreigner. Feeling isolated
  I reluctantly started my school assignments. At about the same time I arrived, so
  did occupy central. A movement started by students, to protest the Chinese government's
  intervention in local elections. Determined to thrive as a documentary photographer,
  I dove into the crowd camera in hand. What was depicted in the media as a mass faceless
  crowd, now began to take the shape of families with small children, friends, grandparents,
  and even pets, which had all come down to show their support. A local DJ even showed
  up to spin for the crowd. But as days went by and protesters still had not dispersed,  the
  city grew restless. Transportation had been halted by the several thousand's of
  people blocking many major roads, businesses had been disrupted, and so had the
  daily commute of thousands more. But within all the chaos, for the first time since
  my arrival, I no longer felt like an outsider. There was community within the protest,
  People had organized and banded together to provide a quiet place for children to
  do homework after school, volunteer's prepared meals and handed out the infamous
  yellow umbrella which became iconic to the movement, lyrics to John Lenons "Imagine"
  hung from government buildings. The hive had become whole again, I felt solidarity
  for my fellow Hong Kongese and a desire to tell their story through my lense.
