Title: '&quot;Como te llamas?&quot;'
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/como-te-llamas
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Benedetta Garofalo
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Of Guillermo I remember the deep black eyes and the captivating smile open
  to the world. I crossed it the first time I went to the hotel restaurant to have
  breakfast the day after I arrived in Barcelona. The fact of being there made me
  feel privileged: I never expected, in fact, that the director of the newspaper for
  which I worked chose me to support the other journalists who would have documented
  the pilot project of the municipality of Reggio Calabria, having the purpose to
  promote the exchange between generations. It had never happened before a group of
  elders found themselves across national borders to share the experience of a trip
  together with some students of the last year of high school. We journalists had
  to document the validity of the project through the form of the report with interviews.
  It was just back from a hectic tour of the masterpieces of Antoni Gaudi '', who
  has put his signature to impressive works such as the Sagrada Familia and the Parc
  Guell, which I noticed the gaze of Guillermo settle on me. I could not believe he
  was just winking at me while he was serving at the table in front of mine. That
  same evening I got to know him, finding myself accompanying the boys in the famous
  clubs of the Catalan nightlife along the beach with my fellow journalists. We passed
  from one nightclub to the next, and we went wild in the dance until I found him
  in front of me: as beautiful as the sun, Guillermo greeted the girls in the group
  who had invited him and then turned to me. "Como te llamas?" It was immediately
  clear to me that Guillermo was there for me. And when I managed to mumble him my
  name, he memorized it instantly: "Tu eres muy linda, Benedetta". We continued to
  dance for hours until we were alone again, and at one point we were so close we
  felt the breath of the one on the other''s neck, and further shortened the distances
  that separated the eager lips of both. I do not know how much we kissed, what is
  certain is that dawn found us on the beach still panting and not at all satiated.
  We talked at times, also because it was not always easy to understand each other,
  and we left the front of the hotel by postponing the next meeting in the evening.
  Actually I would not have seen Guillermo again. I left Barcelona with a burning
  heart of disappointment, having not had the chance to wrest the promise of a dream
  of love from it. But perhaps it was just an occasion, certainly unexpected, and
  as such I should have lived it.'
