Title: Connecting with Humanity through Adventure and Discovery
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/connecting-with-humanity-through-adventure-and-discovery
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Nancy Rodriguez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The land where humanity expresses acceptance, peace, desire, stimulation, color
  and difference.  When traveling I immerse myself and follow one rule of thumb "No
  compass, no map, go with the flow!"  India is one of those countries where you need
  to expect the unexpected.   A multi-layered character with several dimensions in
  essence similar to any typical bazaar, a city inseparable from its spiritual and
  religious connotations.  One particular day stands out.  It was a very muggy night
  one that I had become all to use to.  I was recently awoken by the first beeps of
  the morning traffic, under the metro lines, in Delhi.  As I peer through the window,
  I see this man about to start his day on his rickshaw.  He quickly jumps off of
  the roof and dusts his pants.  The rickshaw not only serves as his bed but as his
  livelihood.  Something about this young man struck a chord with me. Was it that
  he needed to become a man with responsibilities before his due time or that as a
  young man no older than I would say 22 had to face hardships.  Whatever it is, I
  had an immediate connection and decided to take a leap of faith and approach him.  A
  simple hi and smile (the universal language) put him at ease.   As I stared into
  those olive shaped eyes I saw struggle.  He shared the amount of hours he spends
  transporting people for a measly 100 rupees which is about ($1.60 U.S.).  This money
  is sent to his wife and children back in their home village, leaving practically
  nothing for him to survive.  Hence, the reason why he sleeps in his rickshaw at
  night. I decided to hire him for a short ride across town.  Within minutes we were
  stuck in that famous traffic consisting of cars, trucks, buses, motorcycles, bicycles,
  and bull carts and plenty of other vehicles that filled the streets. I saw him peddle,
  whistle, sweat, and yet he was able to continue sharing his life story with me.
  I explained how I wanted to experience India.  For the next five days as if a routine
  he took me to the villages, to the mosques, bazaars anywhere and everywhere.  He
  made my trip an unforgettable one. I was able to experience India the way few do.  Because
  of him I attended a wedding, a celebration of purchasing a new house, ate freshly
  made food, attend the sacred cow ceremony, such a memorable trip one that will be
  everlasting in my heart.  One that that gave me the feelings, sensations, and overall
  satisfaction of this great country.  In essence, the raw beauty, raw friendship,
  unpretentious.
