Title: COURAGE TO TRAVEL.
DateModified: '2018-02-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/courage-to-travel
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: DHRUVI JANI
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Hi , i am Dhruvi Jani, i am from Mumbai, India. Allow me to tell you little
  bit about myself. For every individual travelling to a new destination is like living
  a dream, just a new one every different time. There is a sense of excitement of
  interacting with new people,learning to converse in new languages(even if its just
  the greetings), and experiencing new cultures and traditions. I always get butterfly
  feeling in my stomach when i think of travelling alone to any new destination. i
  am from a nuclear family and as i am the youngest child i have always been pampered
  a lot and also treated like a princess in my family. So being always in protected
  environment of family and friends, i did not get any Oppurtunity to challenge myself
  and go out of my comfort zone. one day through a friend i got to know about a home
  stay project in china. And i decided to apply for it and i got selected for that
  project. It was my 2nd international trip but this time i was all alone in a foreign
  land where i have nobody i know, there is a language barrier, no friends and family
  to take care of me, new people, new environment and also i am a vegetarian so i
  had food issues as well. I was nervous yet excited to travel. I decided to go out
  of my comfort zone, and i realized that it was the best thing that has ever happened
  to me and the best decision i could ever make for myself. That trip made me stronger
  person ,i learnt a lot of things about myself, Chinese culture, local food and traditions,
  local people of the village as i stayed in a village with the Chinese local family
  and worked there in a tourism development project.Local family met as strangers
  but became a family for a lifetime in just a stay of 1 month in china. In that project
  i learnt about the beauty and culture of china. Travel made me confident,stronger,self
  sufficient,made me realize the value of loved ones,i learnt to cook my own food,manage
  my own things, interact with new people and understand the culture,traditions of
  people who had come from all over the world. Now i want to inspire and influence
  all the people to travel all over the world,travel is for everyone, but i want to
  inspire especially women and young girls like me to have courage to travel and influence
  them to see the beauty of unexplored hidden world. i have also started my travel
  show,it is only to inspire women to travel and i also want to write blogs and inspire
  women to travel through my videos and writings.My story is all about courage.
