Title: '&quot;Crazy teacher!&quot;'
DateModified: '2018-02-02'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/crazy-teacher
SetInCountry: Palestine
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Nicholas Farrell
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: Half way through a backpacking trip that took me from Greece to Japan I stopped
  off in Palestine for 3 weeks, having a friend working in Ramallah, the de facto
  administrative capital, encouraged me to take advantage of the opportunity to visit
  this incredible part of the Middle East. As my friend was working during the week
  I set off on some multi day excursions to some of the surrounding towns, Hebron
  being the place that piqued my interest the most due to the recommendation from
  a photo journalist friend. I arrived in the bustling old town with no idea of how
  to find my hostel, luckily I'm a fan of the old fashioned, tried and tested method
  of asking people for directions, especially in a place like Palestine where the
  locals are so friendly and eager to help tourists. I was guided there straight away
  and greeted by the friendly staff Ghassan and Yousef. My day was spent exploring
  the old town, chatting with larger than life shop owners, eating delicious falafel
  and witnessing Hebrons darker side caused by segregation, but that's another story.
  After such an intense day I headed back to the hostel to relax where I spent the
  night talking to Yusef, Ghassan and his younger brother, to my surprise I was the
  only traveller in the hostel. Another man entered and introduced himself, he was
  extremely cheerful and curious and I instantly liked him, he was quite the character,
  Waddah the Driving Instructor! Before he left he offered to show me around the next
  day, I asked him if he was working and he assured me that he was, but that he would
  take me on his lessons and while instructing would give me a tour of Hebron and
  the surrounding hills, needless to say I accepted, it's not every day you get to
  have a local experience like this. The next morning Waddah and his pupil picked
  me up and we spent the day collecting other students along the way, dropping others
  off, swapping drivers and running errands, Waddah spent most of the time talking
  to me from the front and from time to time shouting instructions at his giggling
  pupils, "Crazy Teacher" laughed the lady next to me in the back. Towards the end
  of the day, after stopping off at his mothers house, my new friend took me for lunch,
  this was my time to pay him back I thought, I pulled out my wallet, looked up at
  the guy behind the counter and he just shook his head and smiled, Waddah was half
  way out the door 'You are a guest here, I will not let you pay, don't worry!'. That
  sums up the people I met in Palestine.
