Title: Creepy Silence in New York City
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/creepy-silence-in-new-york-city
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Dominique Flanigan
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: I awoke at 05:30 on my first day in New York City to total silence, which was
  odd as I was right down the road from Time Square and my hotel window was open so
  I should have been hearing the horse carriages in Central Park, cars, horns, sirens
  and millions of people but I wasn't it was totally silent. I got up, got dressed,
  went downstairs and still total silence and there was no one in the hotel lobby.
  I was by now wondering if I was actually still asleep and dreaming. I left the hotel
  and stopped off at a Deli for an enormous cup of coffee and finally saw a human
  the girl behind the counter who took my $5, handed me, my mega size coffee and then
  vanished out the back without saying a word. I walked the 2 blocks to Time Square
  still not seeing any people, cars or even animals it was really starting to creep
  me out. In Time Square I found a lone police officer holding a bag of fresh doughnuts
  so I silently offer my coffee and pointed to the doughnuts and we swapped the coffee
  back and forth while earring the 4 doughnuts but we did not speak.  As we sat on
  the steps silently eating doughnuts and drinking coffee the sun started to rise
  and I watched New York change from dull grey, to sunrise oranges and then to bright
  white light with a clear cloudless blue sk  Suddenly the screens around Time Square
  came to life with pictures but oddly no sound. Since the police officer was still
  beside me and he seemed to be a living breathing human I had relaxed enough to enjoy
  being the only visitor sitting on the steps of Time Square. According to everyone
  I know, all social media sites, travel blogs or advertising what I was experiencing
  should have been impossible because Time Square is never deserted and New York City
  is never silent. The spell of silence was eventually broken as cars, horses and
  people were allowed back into the city centre as the New York City Marathon progressed
  and roads were reopened. In one respect it was the best thing that could have happened
  because it let me settle and get used to New York City minus lots of noise, lights
  and people which being autistic I often find overwhelming. However I also felt incredibly
  lonely as I was travelling solo so I had no one to share this amazing experience
  with.
