Title: 'Culture finds it&#39;s own roads '
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/culture-finds-it-s-own-roads
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Raksha Jain
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Since my childhood travelling always fascinated me, it gave a sense of belongingness,

  I loved the idea of road trips, and planned a trip from Mumbai to rajesthan along
  with four friends, An exciting 5 day trip, downloaded the itinerary online and in
  a maruti celerio we started our journey on the 10/12/17 @2p.m, it took us approx
  18hrs to reach Jaipur we didn''t sleep that night, we entered at 7a.m on 11/12/17.

  Day 1: 11th we started our day by visiting the famous Jain temple known for it''s
  detailed architecture, teachings engraved on the pillars back from the 15th century.
  Later we headed to ''Hawa Mehal'' widely recognized as the ''palace of wind''. Jaipur''s
  most iconic landmark, detailed in red and pink sandstones giving a glimpse of the
  royal mugal architecture, it''s pyramidal design raises five storeys from the ground.
  It was 5p.m till we covered the palace, we then visited the famous theater where
  the play depicted the heritage, tradition and royal culture of rajesthan. Its famously
  known for it''s cultural fork dance Ghoomar where the womens danced with diyas on
  their hand and a five storeys water jars on their head. It looks phenomenal, I found
  myself lost in the beauty of the place. After the show we headed to hotel taj for
  the night.

  Day 2: 5a.m, we wanted to make the most of this day, we headed to sunrise point
  where we had to climb the hill which was approx 21kms, mornings are early here at
  5:45a.m the view was incredible it was like several shades of orange and red spread
  across the horizon, the moment of sunrise was breathtaking. It was one of those
  moments where I couldn''t hide the smile on my face, A once in a life time moment.
  We were then served matka chai. We then decended to Amer fort, it took us approx
  45mins. it''s charm and evidence of great history is undeniable. Perched on a hilltop,
  the 15th century fort is incredibly marvelous, it states an inpressive presence
  of mugal architecture. Sheesh Mehal or the mirror palace is located in the centre
  of the palace with attractive hand carved designs and mirror work. As the Ray''s
  of the setting sun fall on the palace it sparkles and the view is spectacular, A
  perfect blend of pride and honor. And the light and sound show in the evening is
  phenomenal. Also the museum at the palace has an incredible collection of artifacts
  and literature. The trip unexpectedly changed my perception on travel, I realized
  that I unbelievablely wanted to travel and that my life was certainly on the roads.'
