Title: Dawn in the empire of the sun
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/dawn-in-the-empire-of-the-sun
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: roxana hernandez
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'So, I start my trip, just following my beloved team BOCA JUNIORS, like I used
  to did, in my city  or else where,  the happiness for the winning the....... the
  sadness for the defeat....... but this time was different I have to cross the world,
  in 2000 I was going to Japan, I knew that was another culture, but I didnt know
  was so different.

  We arrived  in  the afternoon, at 5 pm ,  after being flying 24 hs, I remeber I
  felt dizzy, because my body was feeling like 5 in the morning, because of the delay,
  12hs of diference, so I spend a week  sleepless.  the first thing I saw was that
  incredible high way .. and the apartaments so close to you taht you even can look
  inside them, and in Tokio the mass of people walking down the streets.

  After that the hotel, another amazing building, ultra tech, it had an elevator that
  went like 84 floors in 6 seconds ane in the last floor had a bar, expensive one,
  but you can see all Tokio , the view .... speechless. And them every thing was magic,
  tasting savor that never in my life I even imagine textures  every thing,, visiting
  places, the temples, the cities, travelling in high speed train, being the translator
  of my group, a lot of them were  the first time in their life that took a plane;
  the match, that my team Boca Juniors won to Real Madrid, nothing that I can write
  now would describe how I felt that all week.

  We have a guide she was a japanese guide really kind and patient she showed us a
  lot of places in other provinces of Japan, but the last day she called us to go
  to the loby in th hotel because something was going to happened. When I came down
  I saw her crying I thought some of my fellas did something wrong, because they were
  really excited because of the winning thing, but no, she wanted to give us thanks
  , because that day , that very day in our hotel was  happening a really important
  reunion and the emperor Hiroito was going to be there , and in Japan the best thing
  in your life that could happened to you is to see the emperor, because they not
  go out very often and never see the japanese people, and if you wanted to see him
  you have to signed up to clean the gardens of the Imperial Palace, and always you
  had to wait for two or three years until thy called you, and so close, so close
  as we did that day, was incredible he walk  a meter from me and our guide, and ,
  you know I could feel the mystic of him. that was my last night  in Japan

  The next day I understood that I had dawned in the empire of the sun..'
