Title: Devastating History of Violence
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/devastating-history-of-violence
SetInCountry: Cambodia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Anastasia Stafford
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: After brief stop offs in Na Trang and Saigon we book the next bus ticket to
  Phnom Penh and plan to get a Cambodian visa at the border. Upon arrival, we discover
  the Killing fields. It was April 17th 1975 when the Killing fields began. That's
  why the memorial of skulls has seventeen layers. At that time there were two hundred
  prisons in Cambodia and three hundred and forty three killing fields. Babies were
  also killed brutally. They were grabbed by the legs and hit of a tree. There were
  many ponds where naked, headless male and female bodies lay. Some bones still remain.
  All prisoners were blindfolded and transported to the killing fields at night time.
  In the beginning, the Khmer Rouge was a popular organisation that many parents would
  have been proud to see their children join. However children were trained to do
  evil against their own parents, if necessary. Many well established lawyers, teachers
  and doctors were killed first. When prisoners were captured, they were interrogated
  for their name and family's details, which usually led to all the family members
  being murdered. Many women were raped in the interrogation room. The historical
  accounts, the photographs and atmosphere is heavy. The last details I gather were
  there were no survivors to have escaped the killing fields, to add to that seven
  foreigners were also killed here. We light incense and say prayers for all the victims.
  A small peace offering but still nowhere near enough. There is evident poverty in
  the nearby locations. On taking a motorbike taxi home that evening we are approached
  by thieves who try to rob my friends bag. In the process, we fall off the bike and
  hurt ourselves. My ankle is pumping blood, however an American woman hears our struggle
  and comes out to assist us. She cleans up my ankle and insists we take an escort
  home for safety. We are clearly shaken and I fear getting on the motorbike again.
  The next stop, we aim to see Anchor Wat which proves to be absolutely incredible.
  Anchor Wat has a big forest with lakes surrounding it. You can see monkeys, ride
  elephants plus there's also frogs and turtles in the grass. The trees are huge and
  all the ruins are in restoration. We were surrounded by tourists alike taking photographs.
  Robberies and guns have been mentioned and we've been informed to be cautious. Yet
  nothing could compare to our previous ordeal of being taken off our motor bike.
  There is no feeling of danger here however, only young locals selling goods and
  posing for pictures.
