Title: Discovering the taste and memories of childhood in Koh Lanta
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/discovering-the-taste-and-memories-of-childhood-in-koh-lanta
SetInCountry: Great Britain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ewelina Szwejda
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'Thailand is a safe country to travel. You can relax on the beautiful beaches
  but also learn about the lives of simple people. My story is about what''s real,
  what''s interesting, what''s beautiful, it is about everyday life on the island.
  Ko Lanta is a gorgeous island located in the Krabi Province, one of the southern
  provinces of Thailand. Island offers fantastic exotic marine life and grand coral
  reefs. I discovered something completely different.

  My heart sank when I got off from the crowded bus in the center of Koh Lanta. The
  sight of the tin buildings, the cables hanging almost above my head and the mosques
  around, made me dizzy, I froze from the impression. Heavy backpack and a hot day,
  stuck my feet to the warm asphalt. I spoke loudly to myself - what am I doing here?
  I moved in search of accommodation, I had no way out, I had to accept this place,
  especially since it was already dark. The local inhabitants of the island are mostly
  Muslim, that''s why there are many mosques here, and each new day begins with the
  loud singing of Muezzin. Early in the morning, I was awakened by Muslim prayers
  in a nearby mosque. I always wanted to see it, so I jumped out of bed and went towards
  the mosque. The sun warmed my face, I felt wonderful, I looked around and understood
  that I would find here what I am looking for. The local inhabitants of the island
  began a new day. They prepared breakfast for tourists in restaurants, accompanied
  children to school on tuk-tuks, encouraged tourists to massage, or opened small
  local shops with fresh fruit. The day on the Thai island had its own rhythm and
  tempo. I noticed that no one is in a hurry, people are smiling and they are very
  nice.I approached the mosque but I did not have the courage to go there. I watched
  the prayers from a distance. The song seemed to be a mourning groan. It was something
  new for me, I had shivers on my back. I kept going. I wanted to see more and feel
  the life of these people.I rented a motorcycle and went out of town. There was a
  completely wild world, jungle, coconut palms, elephants in reserves, monkeys on
  the road, snakes on the tree. I was amazed when children greeting me with a sincere
  smile. They sat by the road with their parents who sold gas to mopeds in small glass
  bottles. They also fried fresh fish, woven fishing nets or repaired wooden boats.
  I mention my childhood and carefree life in the countryside.I forgot for a moment
  about life in Europe. I wanted to return to my family home.'
