Title: Discussing Places- Worth it?
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/discussing-places-worth-it
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Harsh Modi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Traveling makes us a better human, but at times it also makes us self-centered.
  And I think that''s something one needs to discuss.


  There are times when I found people traveling to a place and saying that no one
  should come here and there are times when I''ve been that person. And it makes me
  wonder isn''t it wrong to expect others not to do what I''ve chosen to do, and that''s
  the thing, everyone has a right to travel and see places the way I did.


  And then I find people whining about the places not being the same because a lot
  of people traveled to those places just like them, which ensured that those places
  eventually developed. For an example, I met so many tourists in Ladakh who complained
  about new roads being made, and how it will change the place. And I just asked them
  to say this thing to a family that stays landlocked for months, or to a community
  for whom nearest good hospital is more than a day''s journey away, only because
  of the non-existent roads, or the group of people who still continue to live without
  basic phone access, let alone internet.


  Because that''s the thing, if we have enjoyed the fruits of modernization, we must
  also give others an opportunity to enjoy them, and judge for themselves if they
  want it. It''s unfair to stop them, without even giving a chance to experience a
  different way of life.


  And this is where the role of a traveler is defined. As a person, I became aware
  only after I started traveling, after I interacted with different cultures, saw
  different landscapes, and it will be wrong on my part to stop others from pursuing
  the same path towards awareness.


  And if I stop telling people about my travels, it won''t stop them from traveling
  to that place because someone else will come and talk about those places and lead
  the masses there. So what can I do about it?


  What I can do is to continue talking about my travels, about these places, and ensure
  that I take up the liability as a part of the eventual travelers, and try making
  sure that they travel responsibly.


  Because at the end of the day, people will travel, places will change, and what
  I can probably do is play my part with a good intention, and find a middle way.'
