Title: Discovered the Creation of a new World with Yugandhara
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/discovered-the-creation-of-a-new-world-with-yugandhara-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Mamta Tayade
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I belong to a very traditional and male-dominated society where women do not
  have permission to step out without a man or head of the family person and from
  my childhood I was brought up with maternal family where I always brook the rule
  and falls into critics and trouble. But after all the hurdles I follow my heart
  and learn my life lessons on my way. I use to lessen my elder uncle very carefully
  because he was a salesperson and he uses to tell me the story of his trip. That
  story creates an eagerness in me to travel the world. I was always lessoning his
  very carefully and trying to understand the nature, sound, and culture of the city.
  While my vacations we use to visiting my village or going to my relative's house.
  I was always sitting alone and finding the meaning of nature sometimes I use to
  sit with my mother as asking her quoins but due to illiteracy and knowledge, she
  was not able to answer. But still as per her elder story she was giving me some
  different story. I remember my first traveling trip started when I was ten years
  old. I went to see the Ajantha Caves secretly. I save some small money and small
  money I stole from my uncle piggy bag. He still doesn't know about this yet. Buddhist
  cave monuments 2nd century in Aurangabad district of Maharashtra State of India
  fascinated me to visit them. it was just two and a half out away from my uncle house
  and tourist attraction center. Few people go there to see foreigners and some like
  me to find out the culture and uniqueness. In the age of ten a small girl who visit
  the place for to see the art, to find the peace & to understand architecture. It
  is a big word but I remember after came back from that trip I start writing my secret
  diary, later on, I burn that because of fear of the family. After that, I did my
  secret visit in nearby areas but due to lack of understanding of the importance
  of traveling and importance of writing was not able to express. But I still remember
  my first secret trip memories. The caves paintings and rock cut sculptures of ancient
  Indian art, expressive paintings that emotion through gesture, pose and form force
  me to understand my inner voice of peace. A small girl doesn't understand that meaning
  but what I understand is just to find my self. my that trip experience gave me the
  strength to fight with my current situation. I was self-learner so such places are
  giving my mind way to find my own answers. That one trip gave me the strength to
  courage to do thing better.
