Title: Discovering Myself
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/discovering-myself
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Talita Jesus
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'With determination the last thing that I waited was to become lawyer, but here
  I am, recently-formed. Probably along my life I will work with unbelievable situations,
  in any way maybe has been the best decision than I took.

  The last thing that I waited was to impress the world with my words, my knowledge
  and my aspirations. Though, to know a new country will always be a matter experience,
  because just who so much wants will understand the real meaning of the word opportunity.

  To know peculiar Argentina would result in a single meaning: gratitude. Gratitude
  for the life, for the knowledge, for the opportunity, for the changes, for the dreams
  and for the expectations.

  Beginning for the urbanity and impeccable architecture of his/her capital, Buenos
  Aires. The narrative of the film "Medianeras", driven by Gustavo Taretto, it is
  the one that the Argentinean capital is lonely and disorganized, but particularly
  I consider that the film sinned to the saying this, because simultaneously it detaches
  incredible pointsand it enhances the elegance of the silent noise of the capital.

  Outdated this essential visits, to know the coldness of beautiful San Carlos of
  Bariloche would be of equal incredible way. Maybe my accustomed heart with the tropical
  climate could be confirmed your passion in fact is the cold climate, as always my
  heart believed that went.

  Well, the famous city of Bariloche pretends to be cozy. I consider like this because
  it gathers the coziest elements than one can wait of a place: the cold climate and
  the European influence in your architecture, specifically the German and Austrian
  influences.

  Finally, my soul would gorge from pleasure when knowing the Road of the Seven Lakes,
  that is deeply beautiful and rich in natural beauties. Certainly a true adventurer''s
  heart would feel full satisfaction when seeing the cinematographic forests, mountains
  and lakes of this area closely.

  Therefore, the last thing that I waited is to be contemplated with this trip, because
  would be surprised me the opportunity to know a country for which I have different
  satisfaction and curiosity.

  For a wild heart with the adventure instinct as mine, to know Argentina would be
  an excellent first step, because it is a country that has a lot to offer.'
