Title: Do what makes you uncomfortable
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/do-what-makes-you-uncomfortable
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Jesse Hambling
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: My story starts with me moving out of my parents house in Perth, Aus to get
  my own place last minute as they moved back to Melbourne, Aus. But as i didnt have
  a place yet i stayed at a hostel, which was nerve-racking as i had heard many stories.
  This was all debunked when i entered meeting some of the most open-minded and adventurous
  people i have ever met. They told me about their travel stories and their working
  journeys overseas. This got me excited as i never knew people lived like this, travelling
  country to country working. Then i met this girl, Carolina she was spanish and beautiful,
  looks and personality. We became close friends and went to rottnest island together.
  Then i dropped her at the airport because she was leaving to Indonesia and she asked
  me to come with her at the gate. I was like this is crazy, no i have commitments.
  Anyway we parted ways, the next day i moved into an apartment, it was everything
  i hoped for and more. I went to celebrate with some friend out at a club, so happy
  but missing one thing. At that moment of realisation i booked a flight to indonesia
  to see Carolina again. I had booked the next flight possible and had a short period
  of time to get ready. Heart pumping, never having done something like this before.
  But excited and thrilling. Arriving in Bali, no idea where to go in a foreign country.
  I had some idea where she was located from pics she sent to me, "wishing you were
  here." I had to trek to the Gilli Islands, which was a challenge and took me a day
  to get there, by bus, ferry and a crowded sinking boat. Met a couple of italian
  girls and a swedish man who helped the journey keep exciting. After arriving on
  the right island, as there were 3, with no idea but pics and unable to contact her
  by phone i had just pics to find her. While i was walking a man approached me saying
  you must be Jesse, Carolina is this way, like her knew who i was. This was when
  i saw her again, we reunited and enjoyed an evening on a hammock on the beach meeting
  a balineese man who serinated us and told us he organised boat tours and we said
  why not. So the next morning we left on a cruise travelling Indonesia for 4 days,
  snorkelling, hiking, komodo dragons and fun filled adventure. We left and parted
  ways, even though it may not have ended in an epic love story, i would learn something
  in this whole journey that would forever change me. Get out of your comfort zone
  and experience the new. These new experiences will be your fondest memories.
