Title: Dreams Over Slavery
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/dreams-over-slavery
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Kenneth Dixon
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: When I booked my train ticket two years ago to travel nearly a day on the Amtrak
  to move to New York from Chicago for a job I thought would be the start of me living
  out all my dreams, I realized shortly after that my achievement in moving to the
  Big Apple would be somewhat short-lived. Not because I was unable to "make it" but
  because my sense of purpose had yet to be defined. Growing up in Chicago in my 79th
  apartment with my grandmother, father and uncle it would have appeared that my life,
  from a stereotypical standpoint, had already been mapped out and written in the
  books. I'd get a job at a local grocery store like Chatham Foods, attend school,
  more than likely join a gang, and succumb to the Chicago police department raiding
  my crib and shooting me or getting shot by my own kind from either a stray bullet
  or one purposely set out to end my life. Fortunately for me, I was born a fighter
  and created to persevere. My father's absence in my life due to his attraction to
  the street life, which included gangs and selling drugs, nor my mother's drug addiction
  that led to her demise and me moving back and forth as a child from place to place,
  could not stop me from seeing the bigger picture and realizing that though I'm young
  and Black, I truly am able to do any and all things I set out to accomplish.  Their
  decisions will not inhibit my future, nor my children's or siblings. I made the
  decision after moving here and working my full time job as a writer, content manager
  and visual media specialist at SneakerWatch.com for over 2 years that my life won't
  be fulfilled sitting in an office with white painted walls staring at a mac desktop
  screen responding to emails from a man who could care less about my work and create
  good content to push the culture forward. The 9 to 5 routine had clouded my vision,
  on top of leading me into a deep depression, which awakened me in a sense to reach
  my breaking point. I realized some time ago that my passion for traveling and photographing
  my experiences is what truly made me happy and inspired so much creativity within
  me. Every chance I get I wander and travel parts of New York, Chicago or any other
  city I'm visiting and capture the essence of my present vision through a lens. I
  want to show my brothers, sisters, family, and friends that even if you're Black,
  come from a broken home, or endured adverse situations in your life, you can break
  family addictions by following your dreams and being successful.
