Title: Dreams coming true!
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/dreams-coming-true
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Daniya Ualiyeva
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: 'My story directly belongs to me and my life...I am biologist, but my hobby
  is explore foreign cultures and languages. I have already know 4 languages: my mother
  language - kazakh, russian, english, turkish. In addition I decided to learn chinese
  language cause thought that its one if the most difficult languages and not any
  people can learn it. Thus it was like a challenge for me. I had a daily Chinese
  class and used plenty apps for this. But before since my childhood I have a habit
  to write my dreams on the paper and hide in different books which I don''t use.
  I studied turkish language when I did my undergraduate study, cause I everytime
  watched Turkish movies at TV, and had a dream to go to Istanbul and see this beautiful
  city. Then I forget about it. And one day I wrote that want to visit China and to
  feel this spirit of Chinese culture, language just immerse in this environment.
  After two years I finished my master degree and found a job in educational sphere.
  My workplace offered me to pass internship in China and of course I said "YES",
  but on that moment I didn''t remembered that I wrote this wish 2 years ago. I went
  to Southeast China in Sichuan province and it was unforgettable tandem of trip and
  intership. One day I searched something in my room and found book with my written
  wishes about China. I laughed and can''t believe in it, that every words came to
  the true. Obviously that I wrote many this kind of letters to future. After 2 years
  of my work I felt boring of my daily life, I wanted to change something and have
  a pause to feel my life, to take a deep breath and to finally meet my love. Education,
  work, friends,  parents it''s of course need to live in this world, and you think
  that you have all for happines and not alone, but in the same time you can feel
  how you are lonely. I wrote of 1 week before New Year my wishes on my next year,
  I wished to find a man of all my life, to love and be lover. After 1 month I downloaded
  the app for learning and improving my Chinese and I found there my future husband.
  I never had a thoughts that I will meet my love in social net and he will Chinese
  man. We found a many things which integrated us, we are similar. And one day we
  decided to meet in real life and choosed the most romantic place - Istanbul.  Both
  of us liked this city, moreover I found my old letter where I wrote about Istanbul.
  And it comes to true. Thus I want to say to people don''t stop to dream and never
  give up!'
