Title: Duez Vult
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/duez-vult
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Tanu Johari
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Worked as per the basic principle of what you think is what you attract, time
  was tough and doubtes met! And thus shift of city was no new adventure but a chore.
  On a casual evening at the coffee shop, I realized an old man across the street
  has become a familiar face to my routine, he would gauge me sipping coffee and meditate
  over this visual until I left. After having deffered the idea to confront him for
  long, I mustered courage to approach him and question. As I was crossing the street
  he saw me coming, with a smile on his lips and certainty in his eyes..as if he knew
  I would. He knew my quest albeit and said you still think of him...don't you ? It
  was not a surprise as to I don't know why, but I somehow knew he knows.. and so
  it was not a question but mere confession for me to commit, but still how does he
  know... He added after a long pause you are trying to master the chaos to grab your
  silence, tears trickeled as my words had no voice. I am no miracle he said, just
  a reflection of what you have been peeking from past and my words are truth seeking
  your submission.. Do you remember yourself at all? From the past that existed before
  him? Yes, he was right...I had a past before John my beloved husband who always
  had one answer to my doubts "what if you die in batle field?"...Dues VULT he  would
  confirm...yes, if God wants it...I will die...yes, if God wants it you will survive...
  Yes, if God wants it you will live to attain an absolution that will never come
  your way because you have forgot your self without me!!! And Everytime he had said
  that, I secretly wished that God willed us to enternal love. Careful!!! He shouted,
  was the last word I seem to have sub conciuosly heard...and then through a fog I
  saw John with his arm extended to hold mine...and god willed it for us...Deus VULT!!!
