Title: Each train is never the last
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/each-train-is-never-the-last
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Federica Margherita Corpina
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'F216. I would have had all the time to think about it if only I had been a
  determined nineteen-year-old girl, decisive, self-confident and sure about her choices.
  If only I hadn''t been me. The woman with the pug on a leash and the number F190
  in the same hand approached the counter. The station swarmed with humanity: I was
  distracted by an old man''s crutch, by a child''s suitcase, by the noise of the
  umpteenth departing train. Or coming soon. Anything to postpone that decision. F192.
  I was terribly missing home, the one where I had left my mother, my sister, my dog.
  And I wanted to go back, with all my being. No, okay, not really all. Desire and
  nostalgia were punching with the fear that every time, on the rails that traveled
  from Padova to Tropea, something of me got thinner: the tenacity of the off-site
  student, the courage to pursue my goal despite the distance from home, the difficulties
  of the first exams, the anguish of time. F196. What if I had not wanted to come
  back? If the enthusiasm that had once made me believe in one of my projects had
  fallen? Had I sacrificed what was left of my family for a desire or did the experience
  of the "elsewhere", of the new and the different, the all-inclusive package of loneliness,
  discouragement and tears, indistinctly fall under the sign "plus" of the word enrichment?
  F197. Sometimes those trips seemed like whims, each one with a cost, there and back,
  without discounts. But the monetary one was not the only price and all my wallets
  were now empty. F205. At least it was my favorite mode of transport. The train,
  I mean. When I had the chance, I always chose a single seat near the windows, one
  looking forward, as to convince myself that I was doing the rith thing. It didn''t
  matter that the route was long: that noise, that swing, that map running from the
  Po Valley, to the Apennines, to the sea, cradled the agitated thoughts like a lullaby
  does with a troubled child. F213. I stared at the board, but I was lost without
  moving, and not there, with a number in my pocket, crumpled in the sweaty palm of
  my right hand. F216. Probably the clerk noticed some salt water trying to resist
  gravity on the edge between my cornea and eyelashes, ''cause he was very kind. Putting
  the tickets in my bag, the picture depicting my father fell : with a journey we
  come to the world and with another we leave, he used to say, there can not be anything
  wrong with not standing still.'
