Title: EAST MEETS WEST
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/east-meets-west
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Cristina Carpio
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I am fortunate to be able to travel to exciting destinations like Turkey. As
  a food industry professional, my first thought is indulging in the culture and cuisine
  To be quite honest, I was not sure what to expect as I have never travelled here
  before but my visit really exceeded my expectations. Turkish cuisine is rich in
  history, flavours and textures that go back to the Ottoman Empire-founded by Turkish
  leader Osman, at the end of the thirteenth century in Anatolia, Turkey. One of the
  longest reigning and most powerful empires, the cuisine was influenced by elements
  of Circassian, Centrail Asian, Caucasian, Middle Eastern, Balkan and Greek cuisines
  resulting in a unique food celebration that stands on its own. The culinary centre
  lies in Istanbul, in the region of Marmara where the Bosphorus Strait divides the
  city. It is the only city in the world that lies both in Asia and Europe. The Strait
  also connects the Sea of Marmara to the Black Sea. What better way to start my Turkish
  food journey than by dining at the Ciragan Palace, the only Ottoman Imperial palace
  and hotel right on the Bosphorus. The hotel and restaurant onsite gives you a glimpse
  of the genuine luxury of a real Ottoman palace. I dined at Tugra restaurant where
  they served Ottoman inspired cuisines. The Executive Chef has taken his menu inspiration
  from recipes recorded in the archives of historic sites. From the elaborate presentation
  to the world-class service, I really felt like I was taken back in time and got
  a glimpse into how the royals dined many years ago. This dinner was one of the most
  unforgettable experiences during my trip. I enjoyed learning about mezze, a Turkish
  signature and a big part of the culture. They are small plates of hot and cold appetizers
  that are meant to be shared. They often include yogurt, white cheese, cucumbers,
  eggplant purees and more. Next, a fresh caught salted seabass carved tableside was
  served followed by a variety of popular Turkish desserts which includes baklava-a
  paper thin pastry and considered the most recognized dessert in Turkey. The cuisine
  is multi-faceted and influences vary from region to region. An expat and culinary
  scene expert also told me that these days it's all about immersing with locals to
  truly know the culture of a place. I learned that simpicity is the hallmark of Turkish
  food. The sight, smell and taste surely left a lasting impression on me and I will
  for sure be back to explore even more.
