Title: 'Egypt: the heart of human history'
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/egypt-the-heart-of-human-history
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Mariana Arruda
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'History books did not mention the wonderful things that i found in Egypt. The
  land of the pharaohs is much more than pyramids and deserts. There, between two
  historical seas, a simple people cook the most delicious plate and have fun with
  typical songs, while a nice breeze of the sea mixes with the embers of the bonfire.

  Of a people with so few economic assets, the richest teachings are taught in bedouin
  villages. Isolated in the middle of the desert, they teach about perseverance and
  courage as they guide us through the most beautiful and risky trails.

  The beautiful coral and fish are discovered in amazing dives. The view of the valley
  of kings, famous for the temples of Ancient Egypt, is admired by those who venture
  on balloon rides. Not to mention the mysterious oases sheltered by a unique and
  spectacular desert.

  The typical foods are also a surprise for those who pass through these lands. Koshari,
  falafels and kebabs are some of the dishes offered by the crowded streets of Cairo.
  The chicken and the typical Bedouin rice are among the obligatory dishes for those
  who want to know the place. The surprise is taste foods so different and unique
  that makes the experience unique.

  In addition to all these unexpected artifices, what is most surprising is its people,
  its language, its culture and its religion. All pre-conceived ideas about Islam
  and Arab culture are overturned after a short walk around the country. Of course,
  the culture shock is great, but the daily teachings are a valuable reward for those
  who choose Egypt as a destination.

  Children, adults and the elderly. For the Egyptians, there is no bad time to talk.
  No matter their nationality, between falafel and another, they are always willing
  to know more about you, about your culture and about your country.

  Of course, the trip gets even better with the touristic places. Getting close to
  the Alexandria Library, entering the pyramids, visiting the most beautiful temples
  in Luxor and Aswan and being able to climb the Mount Sinai make it a unique and
  indescribable place. That is a complete trip with several unique aspects.

  And this is what surprises and surprises those who go there. In this way, the country
  is an amazing destination for those who love and want to learn more about history,
  religion, love and respect.'
