Title: El Camino De Santiago
DateModified: '2018-02-02'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/el-camino-de-santiago
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Michael Saltzman
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: It's the middle of Fall 2016.  I'm in San Francisco.  I put in my two weeks
  notice at work, bought a one way ticket to London and planned nothing but the first
  three days of open-ended and undetermined solo.  What started as following a simple
  curiosity and sense of adventure turned into a year-long round-the-world journey
  through 16 countries and across three continents.  Early on, I was in Amsterdam
  visiting an old colleague from New York.  She had a young Irish guy AirBnBing an
  open bedroom in her flat.  He was well traveled for his age and we bonded quickly,
  biking around the city while my friend was at work.  As a novice traveler, it was
  great to pick the brain of a veteran.  There's something in the subtleties and mannerisms
  of a well-traveled individual that's instantly recognizable. Among all his travels,
  he emphasized one experience that very clearly stood out for him as transformative
  - El Camino De Santiago.  I had never heard of it before so I had him explain.  El
  Camino is an 11th century pilgrimage, a 550 mile hike from the Southwest corner
  of France all the way across the entirety of Spain to the West coast.  The hairs
  stood up on the back of my neck.  This was right up my alley.  But it was November,
  and El Camino is commonly hiked in the Spring/Summer/Fall months.  So, it was then
  that I promised myself I would end this adventure in Spain.  Come early May, I showed
  up in St. Jean Pied de Port, the starting line - shipped the majority of my things
  to Santiago (the finish line) and had nothing but a small backpack holding only
  what I needed.  El Camino begins by spilling over the breathtaking Pyrenees Mountains
  - you walk 8-12 hours a day across a variety of different terrains and regions of
  Spain through major cities and hyper-rural towns.  People come from all over the
  world, from all walks of life, all ages, all backgrounds.  You meet them along the
  way and connect on levels you've never connected with anyone else in your life.  You
  connect with nature on levels you've never connected on.  You connect with yourself
  on levels you've never connected on.  It was a remarkably meditative experience,
  of both the body and mind.  And after a month among the Spanish countryside, I completed
  El Camino De Santiago with a sense of anew.  A rebirth.  A re-organization of what
  I know to be important and true.  And with those learnings, I come at life now with
  a different lens.  And for that, I'm grateful.
