Title: Eleven Days Without Luggage
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/eleven-days-without-luggage
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Megan Wakefield
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I had a bad feeling when she made a handwritten tag for my suitcase but I said
  nothing. I was already late and don't like to cause a fuss. Next thing I know I'm
  touring around Egypt with only the clothes on my back and whatever I fit into my
  carry-on besides camera equipment. Being a plus-size woman certainly didn't help
  anything, as I couldn't find much else to wear besides some cheap souvenir t-shirts.
  Thankfully the climate allowed me to wash things out and they were dry 10 minutes
  later! This was my first trip somewhere on my own, not with friends or family, and
  I knew even if my bag was found it might not catch up with the tour group. I decided
  to make the conscious choice that this would not ruin my trip. Rather, it would
  add to the experience and especially the memories. The other members of my tour
  group were incredibly kind and generous to me, basically a total stranger. Anything
  they could spare they would gladly give me; spare toothbrush and toothpaste, laundry
  soap, a pair of socks, whatever! Whatever they didn't have, they helped me find
  and negotiate a good price for it. I'll always be so grateful to them. And in all
  honesty, I'm actually grateful that this happened at all, not that I forgive the
  airline. Now I know what I can do without while travelling, and as importantly,
  what I can't comfortably do without. I make sure to always have a change of clothes
  in my carry-on no matter how far I'm going or for how long I'll be away. The situation
  taught me to pack smarter the next time (and also strengthened my haggling skills!)
  Returning home to Toronto was a bit of a shock to the system, both culturally and
  environmentally, but a clean change of clothes certainly eased the transistion.
  It had turned out to be one of my best trips ever, complete with hundreds of photos,
  a couple of tacky t-shirts, and a good story. Two days after I got home my suitcase
  was shipped to my front door, complete with handwritten tag still attached to the
  handle. In the end, it had had a longer vacation than I did and I had lots of space
  to bring back plenty of souvenirs!
