Title: 'END STORY:- What we have or don&#39;t have, looks the same '
DateModified: '2018-02-13'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/end-story-what-we-have-or-don-t-have-looks-the-same
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Vinit Kumar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: We were in the hills of kodaikenal i and my 3 other patners had one major problem
  of our life GIRL GF or so called love. So we all were hanging around a place called
  suicide point not to fall but to get high at that place.  So they were preparing
  the weed roll.The stuff was pure green mango smelling like flowers I even had some
  ohh the true colour of nature was beautiful so natural that we humans still donot
  have such a DSLR that can capture those perfection but after a while when we were
  high 3 people with a gangster look came to us we were shocked and lil nervous why
  they are coming towards us as soon as they came stood up and said whatt! They said
  Anna do you need magic bullets !! (So kindly and gently that we were confirm they
  are not telling about the real bullet) i asked them what are they.. one man gopanna
  replied "magic mashroom raa" i was not aware of what the magic mashroom was but
  we all were about to search on internet goppanna replied it is used for getting
  high or higher we knew this one is drug and i totally said no we dont want but my
  friend told me its totally safe after checking it on google. It was a family of
  the mashroom we eat but this one was the brightest of the whole family of mashroom.
  How let me tell you-As we took the advice of the pedler to take 1 dozen if feel
  scared start the bhajan(prayer to god) after sometime nobody can controll your soul
  to run your mind and heart as fast as its possible. We took the pizza slice put
  4 mashrooms on each eat 1 dozen and within 15 min same started happend what has
  he told and i and all my friends were sacared my god whats gonna happen now all
  were praying to lord shiva but god has nothing to do with it was all our karma and
  the its law when i was completly on the magic of that mashroom i realized almost
  fully explored senses. My all sense organs were at its best and at that point of
  time what ever i was trying to see in mind i was litterally able to see that on
  my screen in the 4th dimention what ever was in there making a small sound i could
  listen to that and what ever i was willing to hear i was hearing the same sound
  and what ever i wanted to smell i was able to do so. I could see outside my hotel
  the natural beauty that view i was able to manupulate by changing the colour and
  controlling the movement of the tree and and able to think deep and deep this continued
  for 7 hours and this was a life changing expirence of my life and i realize that
  time i have and i dont have at the same time
