Title: Epanadas in Buenos Aires
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/epanadas-in-buenos-aires
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Natalia  Solakian
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I would be walking around the tiendas of Buenos Aires, looking up at the big.
  clear blue sky. Observing the wisps of white clouds floating peacefully by. I look
  up at the where God resides and I thank Him and ask Him, "Why me?" Why did I end
  up winning this trip to Argentina. Why was I awarded this blessed and wonderful
  scholarship?" He answered, "Ahh, My child. Because I have been wanting to bless
  you. I have been longing to bestow the greatest riches of My love for you and I
  do it by giving you your heart's desires. I do it through by answering every single
  prayer you present before me." And I continued to bite down on the recently baked
  empanada which was made of a really old recipe from Tia Clorides. She would make
  them in such a way it felt like the butter from the kitchen would melt swiftly on
  the top of your tongue. Her seasoning of course was a secret and I love how even
  though she never told us what was included in the recipe, she always hinted at the
  fact that one day I would find out and know. "I spent my day watching you today"
  God said. "I notice you every day as you come out of the house and walk back inside.
  I notice you as you prepare to go to school and as you head out for your daily errands.
  I observe it all." This is why I decided to bless you because I knew you needed
  a break and that by going on this trip, you would gather the necessary refreshing
  relaxation that would equate with your alleviation and would further prepare you
  for the things to come." I stayed silent as I noticed a bird fly above my head in
  the clear, sun-filled sky. I continued to hear Him tell me that because I have faith
  in Him, I would see many more things come to pass. I quickly wiped my mouth, crumpled
  up the napkin, and threw it away and tightened the straps on my back-pack and I
  headed out to the ice-cream shop. There I saw an exquisite array of frozen yogurts.
  The store was Italian inspired, so the name of the yogurt shop was titled, "Amor
  Italiano Gelato". It was right across the central park. I parked my bike, laid it
  on the side of the wall and continued on my merry way. There were so many flavors
  to choose from. Everything from roasted Pistachios to sun-dried raspberries sprinkled
  with honey roasted pecans. Era un sueno hecho realidad! Being the wine lover that
  I am, I went for the Sambayon made of egg yokes, cream, sugar and Marsala wine.
  They also had Duce de Leche and Saverio, but I had to have my little dollup of Marsala
  wine in my helado congelado!
