Title: ETHIOPIA - A Business Trip Rewarded with a New Friendship
DateModified: '2018-01-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/ethiopia-a-business-trip-rewarded-with-a-new-friendship
SetInCountry: Ethiopia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Luis Mendez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I am "retired although not tired". Having worked internationally with the UN
  for 33+ years, my family and I have lived in the Philippines, Vietnam, Zimbabwe,
  Mozambique, Pakistan, Angola, Uganda, Indonesia and the US, plus having visited
  other countries on short official visits. I took early retirement to start my own
  consulting firm which has only  taken me to more countries but of my own choosing,
  one of them being Ethiopia. A country that many generalize as one of those African
  countries yet not knowing its history, its people and its role as a lead country
  in the region. This consulting mission brought me to Addis Ababa, the capital where
  we were to support all UN client agencies. For those who have worked in similar
  environments, the challenges are worrying and many, most particularly IT setups
  and internet which are monopolized by the Government for security purposes with
  efficient connections questionable. Then I met Zak, an IT staffer at Elilly Hotel
  who provided IT customer assistance. Zak was no ordinary hotel functionary but a
  resourceful bloke who took on the techie challenges of both intermittent electricity
  and internet. His ideas and innovative solutions during times of connectivity failures
  were miracles appreciated. Zak was also our purveyor of Ethiopian dance music, tutor
  on the social norms, guide to non-touristy ethnic restos where Addis youth gathered,
  resource person to city museums and historical buildings, current events advisor,
  shopping mentor and volunteer chauffeur. He was an invaluable piece of the team,
  and always volunteered a solution to problems which we "farangis" (foreigners) love
  to complain about with no solutions to offer. Zak taught us a new way of being resourceful
  and we took these lessons learned to our other projects in the continent. We have
  kept our friendship with him since, having to witness his engagement, his marriage
  and eventually the birth of his first daughter. I would have to state, that he is
  more a relative now than just a connection. We have seen another Addis Ababa which
  visitors will not see. A big thanks to Zak for adopting us as his extended family.
