Title: Experiencing Nigeria
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/experiencing-nigeria
SetInCountry: Nigeria
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Munukayumbwa Mwiya
AuthorCountry: Namibia
Text: One in every five Africans, is Nigerian. Growing up we'd watch Nollywood movies
  and listen to Nigerian music and I was always really fascinated by Nigeria and Nigerians
  I've always felt that as they present themselves to the world, whether intentionally
  or not, Nigerians bring life to life. In 2016, I got the chance to visit Nigeria.
  I spent eleven days in Lagos and got back to Windhoek desperate to see more of Nigeria,
  eleven days simply wasn't enough. So end of May 2017, saw me leaving for Nigeria
  indefinitely, with no concrete plan, and with no concrete means of support. I spent
  seven months in Nigeria and I will never stop being in awe of it as a country, and
  as  a people. I feel not enough good things are said about Nigeria and Nigerians,
  not by themselves, and not by the world. I am not oblivious to all the 419 and horror
  stories there, I've even ha some terrible things happen to people close to me, but
  only the most wonderful Nigerians were sent my way. I had total strangers show me
  incredible kindness, had friends who hadn't known me very long go above and beyond
  the call of duty. Nigeria has a vibrant literature culture (they have a vibrant
  everything, as far as I'm concerned) that I'm so honoured to have been a part of,
  if only for a little while. Because of its reputation, I was called brave, crazy,
  and everything in between for going to a country where I barely knew anyone without
  a plan in place, and that country being Nigeria. Given half a chance, I would do
  it all over again. That trip introduced me to parts of myself  I'm not sure I would
  have discovered anywhere else. I got the chance to visit a couple more Nigerian
  cities, but I remain enchanted with Lagos. A lot of people think Lagos a little
  too chaotic and rowdy, but I think it is full of life and you can feed off the energy
  of its people.
