Title: 'Expect the unexpected '
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/expect-the-unexpected
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Sakshi  Jain
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Having completed 24 years in life & not even having interacted with a foreign
  fellow before, travelling to a foreign land for me was stirring. Before I had set
  my bags to a place that has always been 'Sunny California' for me, I came across
  the lines, 'San Francisco is a breathtakingly beautiful city with lots of great
  contrast between dark and light, often overlapping each other. It's a great setting
  for a horror story' - Cristopher Moore. Though unconsciously they left a mark, consciously
  even in my fantasy it was the last thing I expected about the city. The journey
  started. I had fair chance to understand the city. It was like a new relationship,
  where curiosity and caution are in balanced proportion. I promised myself that I'll
  savour the experience till the last day, trying to keep all judgement at bay. My
  first interaction with the city was unexpectedly unplanned. I chose San Francisco
  over Pacific Coast#1, most scenic stretch, I had only imagined in my dreams or closest
  in reality as my desktop picture. The choice was maybe because of my unconscious'
  drive to explore the quote. Maybe the contrast was something I was looking out.
  The city with picturesque Golden gate bridge, China Town, Pier39 and chilling breeze
  was sweeping me off my feet. I was learning, somehow imitating, the way of life
  I was observing. From jaywalking, I transitioned to zebra crossings, clam chowder
  replaced tomato soup & "Awesome" became my way of looking at life. Slowly as the
  days aggregated into months, my unconscious lookout for the quote almost accepted
  the humorous tinge it inherently had. Until one last day, I decided to take a stroll
  all by myself with GPS in hand, no destination in mind. Stores around were lavishly
  expensive signifying luxury and comfort. My love for parks and churches led me to
  a place little far away. Something was different. Locality was somehow no too privileged.
  It was like a place in first world country having the problems of third world. Despite
  the glitter & charm, hopes & dreams, technology & invention in the state, this was
  a place where sun was not too sunny. Person in abject poverty was scourging through
  the bin for food, while some sleeping by the road. For some drugs was the source
  of abuse, for others it appeared to be the pain of incidents in life. I nearly escaped
  an instance of getting mugged. The last thing I expected, left me with a realization
  that there are problems & a lot has to be done to help make this world a better
  place.
