Title: Expect Changes
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/expect-changes
SetInCountry: China
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Carl Richards
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'Everyone loves a holiday, be it an all-expense-paid five-star cruise or a week
  off work barely leaving the house. We serve ourselves these fragments of indulgence
  to intimately cater to our truest desires. Personally, I try to organise my breaks
  as candidly as possible. The first time this path of ''organised chaos'' was made
  apparent to me was in the early days of my first solo-international trip.


  I was nineteen and had flown to Shanghai with idea of following the coast of China
  into Vietnam to begin the South-East Asian segment of my travels. Ignorantly, I
  had no tickets booked and probably assumed that I''d simply find a bus or train
  to get me started. It must have been my second or third night away from home when
  a fellow traveler in the first hostel I visited had told me that a bus crossed regularly
  into Laos. Hearing about an alternate route heading to a country I wasn''t sure
  I could even pronounce the name of properly aroused my curiosity. Either way, I
  was in for some new experiences and sensations but the more I researched this new
  path the more it appealed to me.


  It was within my first week of travels that I learnt a philosophy that has since
  been correlative with the way I live my life. I learnt to embrace change.

  It sounds like something you would read in your daily horoscope and perhaps this
  universality is why I''ve become so attached to this way of thinking. All it took
  that first time was for a stranger to show me an unknown path for me to forget any
  plan I had in my head about where I was going. If I had pre-booked the initial two
  weeks of the trip I would have shrugged off his suggestion and perhaps still be
  wondering what could have been. By keeping an open mind and an open schedule however,
  I was able to change directions immediately.


  As it turned out, the last thing I expected was the first thing I experienced.'
