Title: exploring the heart of europe
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/exploring-the-heart-of-europe
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Sayed Ahmed
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'it was a dull winter onset in Germany, then me and my friend just decided to
  explore somewhere near. suddenly we agreed to visit that historic city, Prague and
  just within a hour, my friend managed flixbus ticket, hotel booking through his
  master card. next night we were about to miss the bus! we just got into the bus
  before 2 minutes of departure. however, after whole night sleeping of the bus journey,
  we landed and managed to get free of our hurdles. then we started walking beside
  the shore of Vlatava to encroach the famous Charles Bridge. a majestic sculpture-ornamented
  bridge. we were just amazed to see a city which was still in a original state with
  fine examples of Gothic, Baroque, Renaissance, and Art Nouveau. for the first time
  i realized that why scholars call cities as a living museums. the labyrinthine narrow
  lane-ways with tjhe fluctuation of topography; we managed to reach the bunch of
  heritages: St. Vitus Cathedral, St. George''s Basilica, the Powder Tower, the Old
  Royal Palace, and the Golden Lane. we just got amazed how they built this site with
  passion and determination! what an endeavor! by the way, in the Old Town Hall where
  wonderful early 15th-century Astronomical Clock is the main object of fascination.
  in fact, that reminded me that we are approaching to our death everyday. we ate
  some delicious street food; is the best way to explore any culture better, i think.
  the next day, Petrin Lookout Tower offered us to see the whole city skyline. really
  how majestic the bohemian region is! St. Nicholas Church, its paintings over wall
  from 18th century, the Hilltop Fortress and its cathedral was mysterious and just
  splendid. on the way we also find Dancing House, Prague''s most outstanding modern
  architectural creation, designed by Frank Gehry. selfie was must in front of that
  building!  the last destination we fixed was the TV tower, which was a famous skyscraper
  in Europe. but as we climbed lot and for that got tired and also the departure time
  of bus was approaching fast: we were in dilemma, my partner argued; whether we will
  visit or not. but we decided and we did it! we just screamed in front of that tower,
  because we touched every different corners of the city. this was the decision that
  put me on the edge. the journey started with sudden plan and ended with uncertainty,
  i think thats the why this travel got more vivid image in my memory, may be for
  forever.'
