Title: Fairy godmother can appear in any guise
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/fairy-godmother-can-appear-in-any-guise
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Irina Sukovatova
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'After 3 weeks of Georgian impressions my friends went to Moscow, but my plane
  was in a day, so for the next 24 hours I was left to myself and I went from Tbilisi,
  the capital of Georgia, to Gori, the birthplace of the famous dictator Joseph Stalin
  and the nearest city to the ruins of the Iron Age cave town Uplistsikhe, a great
  place for lovers of history, climbing and magnificent views.

  From Uplistsikhe I departed by a train, the ancient train, which collected passengers
  from all over Georgia. At first it seemed to me that I was on the threshold of hell.
  Until the throng had calmed down, I stood on one foot, because for the second one
  there was no place. A thick veil of tobacco smoke was hanging around me, and the
  smokers renewed it so regularly that even broken windows didn''t save. All around
  me were shouting, and someone''s unhappy cat was meowing down. Ahead was the 3 hours
  way. I was not sure if I would survive.

  There were no women around, so when I realized that I''d become the object of close
  attention of a group of unshaven dusty men, I felt very uncomfortable. I watched
  as they discussed something, looking at me, and I strained more and more. Eventually
  one of them waved to me and asked something. I told him in Russian that I didn''t
  understand what he is talking about. In response to this, other man, the oldest
  one, perked and asked me in broken Russian, where I came from. I answered that I''m
  from Russia. After that, he asked me the question, which I didn''t expect to hear
  at all. He asked me how do I feel. At that moment, I felt relief and gratitude.
  From a lonely poor traveler I turned into a person, who''ve got care and attention.
  And I was ashamed for my suspicion and negative attitude. I answered that I don''t
  feel well, as I don''t travel in such conditions often. After that my collocutor
  and one of his friends got closer to me and told me to follow them. I was puzzled.
  They led me through several wagons and to found a place next to two students and
  their giant dog, on this dog they finally put me on. While we were looking for a
  place, we had time to talk a little with my Russian-speaking companion, and I confessed
  to him in my initial suspicions. He chuckled and praised me, saying that people
  are different, and it''s better to be on own guard. After that my rescuers left
  me, and after a while the third guy appeared, said something to me in Georgian,
  smiled, and left on my knees an apple. It really was the tastiest apple I''ve ever
  eaten in my life.'
