Title: Falling into Water
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/falling-into-water
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Angela Sabas
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: 'I was trying not to show it, but I was scared. My heart drowned out the roar
  of Cambugahay Falls as I mechanically divested myself of top, sarong, sandals, and
  glasses.


  But fake it ''til you make it, and my cousin was already following the guide cum
  lifeguard we had hired. A thick and well-worn rope with a bar at the end was tied
  against the stout trees that overlooked the first and shortest of the Falls. The
  water rushed through, fellow tourists and adventure-seekers taking it in turns to
  swing into the pond--a mere three-meter fall, the guide had told us as we walked
  down a hundred slippery steps not ten minutes past.


  I swallowed a halfway hysterical giggle. I hadn''t been in the water for over a
  dozen years. I still remembered the last time: no surface under me, my chest constricting,
  no air in my lungs amidst the mix of pool water and air I was both swallowing and
  breathing in. I avoided beaches and pools ever since then, and there was always
  a good excuse not to go into the water.


  But we were miles from home and I''d faked bravado throughout planning this trip
  (beaches! falls! what was I thinking?!) and there was no more turning back.


  Without much fanfare, my cousin launched herself, swung, and released, as our guide
  below in the water yelled, "Go, go!" He ducked into the water after her, but she
  surfaced quickly, laughing. She waded toward me and out of the pool, giving me two
  thumbs up.


  No way out.


  I stepped up to the ledge with the rope. I reached for the bar, but my fingers couldn''t
  wrap around it, it was too far out. "Nearer, ma''am," the attendant said, fingers
  on my back. I inched forward, twisted to reach the bar with one hand, and then the
  other. It felt like the tips of my fingers were barely closing. He rearranged my
  grip. "Ma''am, when you reach the end, let go. Not before. Twist, let go," he reminded.


  Twist? What?


  One.


  Two.


  And with three, he pushed me off. I screamed, but not long. My fingers on the bar
  felt rubbery. A little past the middle mark, I knew: I scrunched my face as my fingers
  slid.


  I slid into the water. A splash, bubbles, it was everywhere, in my ears, up my arms,
  inside my nose. My feet touched ground and I pushed up and out blindly. I couldn''t
  see, but I didn''t want to open my eyes. I felt a hand behind me as I broke the
  water.


  My nose hurt. The water was still in my eyes. My heart was still louder than the
  waterfall.


  I laughed and opened my eyes, and started to wade back to the shore to go again.'
