Title: Familiar Strangers
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/familiar-strangers
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Richeeka Saikia
AuthorCountry: India
Text: As I wait for my flight to Pokhara in the almost empty tiny domestic terminal
  of Kathmandu airport I notice them. I look around and see it gradually filling up
  with people. That is when I notice them. Father and son or maybe friends or relatives.
  I could only guess. One had grey hair and a rugged tanned face. The other was younger,
  black hair, fair face and taller. They were together but not talking to each other.
  Probably trekkers. I look around trying not to stare but my eyes kept falling back
  on them. They notice me too. At some point my eyes met the son's. I look away. We
  board the same flight. They were sitting together, diagonally ahead of me. As we
  fly through the mountains they start clicking pictures. The son takes out his phone
  and starts clicking. His camera screen had grid lines on, something which I always
  keep off. Their side had the snow capped mountains view. My side only had hills.
  I felt like asking them to click a few pics on my phone too. The elder starts clicking
  too. They talk to each other. First time I see them talking. The pretty air hostess
  offers us tea. They politely refuse. All this while I notice them silently sipping
  my tea. We land in Pokhara. As I wait for my luggage to arrive they move out with
  their backpacks. I collect my bag and go out. I find my friend waiting for me outside.
  I spend a beautiful week in Pokhara. I am supposed to return to Kathmandu on Saturday.
  I have my return flight to India the same afternoon. I reach the airport Saturday
  morning. I look at the screen at the entrance. All flights had the same status,
  "Delayed". I am worried. I didn't want to miss my connecting flight. I look around
  worried. I see a pair of familiar faces. The father and son. Sitting. Impassive.
  Quiet. I had forgotten about them. I would have forgotten about them completely
  had I not seen them there then. But there they were sitting. The son looks at me.
  Maybe I see a glint of recognition on his face too or maybe I was imagining. After
  about two hours the airport personnels finally call us for security check. I go
  inside. They were already in. I see the son looking at me. Our eyes meet. We recognize
  each other. No doubt this time. This time it was different airlines. We often glanced
  at each other, looking away if our eyes met. I wonder who they were. I will never
  know. They were my fellow travelers and we coincidentally chose the same days. We
  even recognized each other. We were complete strangers yet somehow we were familiar.
