Title: Family is Everything
DateModified: '2018-01-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/family-is-everything
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Rajat Gupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Today on 31st December, 2017 I got to live the day I was waiting for more than
  10 years. I went to Times Square on New Year''s Eve to watch the Ball Drop. I know
  it might not be a big deal for some of you but imagine this, you''ve been watching
  movies and shows since you were a child that were shot on Times Square and/or on
  New Year''s Eve and you always imagined yourself there enjoy exactly as shown in
  the movies. I grew up watching couples kissing there, people proposing, live coverage
  of the Ball Drop. I had always wanted to go to Times Square. And trust me when I
  was there, it felt like everything was just falling into place. I had been blessed
  to live that moment. The excitement, the cheer, the love, the fun, the craziness,
  the cold, everything, everything was just perfect. It has been on my Bucket List
  for as long as I can remember to go to Times Square on New Year''s Eve.

  Oh man! I just cannot express how good it felt to be at Times Square, how grateful
  I felt to have live this day.

  I wore 2 t-shirts, 1 shirt and a thick jacket but it was still feeling the cold.
  Jeans, warm thermals and snow boots with woolen socks, gloves with hand warmer.
  Monkey cap/a good quality face mask, I didn''t have one and that was a big mistake
  because my nose was frozen by the time I reached 43rd Street. My nose was hurting
  bad, I couldn''t feel it anymore.

  Now, let''s see about when you should arrive there to find a good spot to see the
  Ball Drop at Midnight because that''s what you came here for. Be prepared, ARRIVE
  AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE because the streets start closing around 2:00 PM, I read it
  in some article or blog before. I arrived in the City at 4 and the streets were
  already closed so I had to walk 16 blocks (33rd to 49th) to get as close as possible
  to see the Ball Drop, I got up to 47th Street and was behind the stage at the Square.
  But I was able to see the Ball.

  Prepare yourself! For it is going to be one heck of a test. Once the streets are
  closed, you are only allowed to get out and cannot come back to the spot you were
  at. So, use the bathroom wisely. Eat and bring healthy food before you leave to
  get you through. Do not carry backpacks, luggage, or any kind of bag. You will have
  to stand at a place for more than 6 hours if you want to watch the Ball Drop. Trust
  me it is not a piece of cake. It is very tough to stand at a place with freezing
  temperature and cold wind. Download offline maps of the area, the subway. All in
  all, it will be a heck of an experience.'
