Title: Feeling the real local connection
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/feeling-the-real-local-connection
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Bendrea Mihaela Raluca
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I''m really lucky because I have travelled a lot with my family and with my
  friends, so I''ve visited countries like France, Austria, Switzerland and Romania
  but there is one country where I''ve really left my heart: that''s Italy.

  I left my country where I was born to move to Italy with my family. So I''ve visited
  several beautiful places here, but I think the most beautiful city is Venice and
  its islands. I''ve been to Venice many times but every time it''s like the first
  one, because there is always something new to discover. You can''t go and visit
  it in just one week or two weeks or three months. You need years to discover it
  because every street and every canal has its own story.

  Last time I was in Venice, I visited its islands, too. In my opinion the islands
  are in some way more beautiful than Venice. I mean, on every island you can find
  something different. To arrive there you have to take a ferry, which stops at every
  single island; there are two islands which you have to visit  at least once in your
  lifetime. The first stop is on the Murano Island, which is famous all over the world
  for its beautiful and colored handmade glass. So you can walk on the streets and
  see a lot of stalls decorated by millions of souvenirs of different shapes of glass.
  If you are lucky, in some shops you can find a craftsman who makes glass objects
  right in front of you. Not all artisans who do this work are visible everywhere.
  After all, it''s a little secret that is not easily revealed.

  Then as the second stop is Burano Island, my favorite one. There you are immersed
  in another reality. This island is famous for its lace. As on the previous island,
  here you can walk along the streets and enjoy the various small canals. You can
  find also different stalls with a lot of souvenirs made in white or colored lace
  such as umbrellas, tablecloths, fans and even dresses. There are also various shops
  where you can appreciate the craftswomen who create this kind of handmade lace,
  using simple materials. You can admire also the colored houses of the people living
  there: green, blue, yellow, pink and even red; every house has its own color. At
  every step you can find very kind people: talking with them make you feel at home,
  even if you are a tourist who comes from miles away just to visit the beauties that
  are here.

  At the end of your trip on the islands, the ferry brings you to Venice, just in
  front of St Mark''s Square, where you can admire a totally different world.'
