Title: Finding Love on the Rock
DateModified: '2018-01-31'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/finding-love-on-the-rock
SetInCountry: Nigeria
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: David Adeleke
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: 'The last thing I expected after travelling to Olumo Rock with my friend was
  to fall in love with her. But here we are, two months later, lovers head-over-heels
  in love with one another.


  We set out from Lagos to Abeokuta that morning in November. The sun was out but
  the sky retained its light blue hue, uncoloured by the sun''s gentle yellow. Though
  it was hidden, nothing could shelter us from the sun''s burning rage. We had been
  making plans for weeks now, we just wanted a road trip to take us away from the
  stress and monotony of everyday life. Nothing was going to stop us, not even the
  weather.


  We got to Abeokuta in the afternoon and the heat was worse, but we soldiered on.
  After visiting a restaurant that served our favourite meal - amala and ewedu soup
  with goat meat, we proceeded to climb the famous Olumo Rock. It was an experience.
  I had been there before, twice. But never like this. We climbed, taking turns to
  pull each other up when we needed to. We ascended and took breaks, swilling bottles
  of water to keep ourselves hydrated. On the rock, the tour guide regaled us with
  stories of ancient Abeokuta, how the Egba people hid under the rock during times
  of war, how the local people made sacrifices to the gods there every year. I heard
  the history of a people I thought I knew in a way I''d never heard it before. We
  made remarks on the stories, we laughed and nodded and took it all in.


  When we got to the top of the 137-metre rock, we crumbled into each other on a bench.
  We were exhausted. In our silence, I listened to her breath, trying to regain her
  strength. I felt peace in that moment, holding her and her holding me. I looked
  into her eyes and she looked into mine. My heart leapt a little.


  On our way back to Lagos, we sat in silence at the back of a minivan, holding each
  other as we did on the rock. Only now something was different, like the experience
  we just had changed something in us. I''d never been in love before, I didn''t even
  believe in love until it struck me. But in that moment, in that van, after we''d
  left Olumo Rock, I was caught up in the clouds. I was in love and I knew it. A feeling
  I had not felt before had overcome me and I was powerless to resist. She leaned
  into me and I drew her closer, touching my lips on hers as everything around us
  disappeared into the background.


  I wasn''t expecting the day to turn out the way it did but I am happy it did. Sometimes,
  the best things that happen to us are the things we least expect.'
