Title: Finding myself on my first major Solo Vacation
DateModified: '2018-01-31'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/finding-myself-on-my-first-major-solo-vacation
SetInCountry: France
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: ajoua jackson
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I have been traveling alone since I was a little girl. It started with my mother
  putting me on the greyhound bus at 5 years old from Buffalo to Jamestown, NY to
  visit my favorite aunt. She spoke with the bus driver and he sat me in the front
  seat so he could keep his eye on me and never allowed anyone to sit next to me.
  That was the beginning of my love for travel. Years later I took my first plane
  ride solo to Denver, CO to visit this same favorite aunt. I remember we could not
  land due to a major snow storm. We circled Denver for hours and the pilot announced
  they are allowing us to land due to fuel shortage. Yup, I was 13 for this crazy
  experience. Now I will flash you forward 25 years. I always dreamed of visiting
  London and Italy. I went so far as to book a trip solo to London and Paris, but
  backed out because of I was afraid of running out of money. You guessed it, I love
  to shop and eat. My girlfriends decided we would plan and go together. We made plans
  and decided on the date we would make our deposit. That came and went. I finally
  booked my trip to Paris and Italy for 12 days and told them they could join me or
  not. They did not. Leading up to this trip many people began to place their fears
  upon me through their worry of me being kidnapped, remember the movie Taken, fear
  of getting lost, fear of not having anyone to talk to. I became very bold and vocal.
  I wasn't afraid until I was in Toronto's airport and it was time to board my plane.
  I looked around and there was no one boarding with me. I was alone. Heart racing
  I boarded the plane and landed in Paris. There was a mishap with my transfer. A
  man said he was my transfer and spoke with me about many things. After taking me
  to the wrong hotel, we arrive and he no longer spoke English. We argued and came
  to the decision we would split the bill. I crashed for a few hours then I was asking
  for directions. I took the train and found my way to the Eiffel Tower. I climbed
  the stairs to the top and never felt more proud than at that moment. I took cooking
  classes and met another American who was traveling Solo. I got lost and found boutiques.
  I got lost and found my strength. I went on to Italy and did the same things. I
  shopped and ate. I asked the locals where they ate, shopped and what they recommend.
  I was a black girl found in another country. I felt free. I felt alive. This began
  my journey and love of exploring unknown places Solo. I thought i was discovering
  places but i discovered myself
