Title: 'Finnish-ing a year and Starting Another: A Cultural Journey'
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/finnish-ing-a-year-and-starting-another-a-cultural-journey
SetInCountry: Finland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kirsty Gordge
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: 'I held my piece of distorted iron up in front of the lamp shade, careful not
  to obstruct the shape with my fingers, as ten pairs of eyes watched. Our gazes all
  turned to the wall on which the shadow was being projected. I tried to hold it as
  still as possible; my eyes trying desperately to make sense of the shape. All of
  a sudden, a whispered "elephant". A shiver flew down my spine. My shape was given
  a name, an identity, a label, and the year ahead was forecast. My life now had an
  immediate purpose, meaning, and direction.


  It was -11 degrees Celsius when I landed in Helsinki. I was mentally exhausted.
  My eyes squinted at the bright signs, my brain wired from the continuous florescence
  and I found myself at a conveyor belt that conveniently had my bag on it. Feeling
  like I had been rewarded for something I didn''t deserve, I dazed-ly pulled out
  my cell phone and turned on the wifi. The signs above my head had lots of ''k''s
  and ''i''s in them; I could tell the language was Finnish but at this point only
  knew the words "moi" (hello) and "kiitos" (thank you). I sighed inwardly. It was
  a good start. I endeavoured to leave with more knowledge than I currently possessed.


  My long-lost pen-pal exchange friend walked up to me like an angel descending out
  of the heavens, her head blocking a bright stream of light making her appear as
  a silhouette. "Kirrrrrrrsty!", she greeted me, rolling the "r" as she used to do
  2 and a half years ago. I again felt guilty at the ease of it all; I was embarrassingly
  underprepared and didn''t deserve it all to fall into place at a time when so much
  could go wrong. At the same time my eyes were wet with the gratefulness for it and
  that the long journey was finally over; I was with a local - a designated home,
  adult, guide, decision-maker, and question-answerer.


  The chatter was a blur and I remember crunching snow under my feet - the most snow
  I had ever seen on a residential street - before pulling on my bed socks and crawling
  under a duvet on a foam mattress near the window overlooking the blanketed street
  below. The next week had me experience more culture than I had expected; what I
  soon embraced blew my mind. As we melted our tin horse-shoes on 31st December, threw
  the liquid metal into ice cold buckets of snow, watched them freeze, fished them
  out, laid them on paper towels, and held them against the light to tell our futures,
  I made a local connection with Finland. At midnight we exclaimed "Kippis!" (cheers)
  in the Senate Square.'
