Title: First Impressions
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/first-impressions
SetInCountry: Iceland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Tatianna Vassilopoulos
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Everything about Iceland was nearly as magical as I anticipated, including
  the landing through the breathtaking aurora borealis. What was not so delightful
  was the sleet that welcomed me along with my rental car driver, but the charming
  Polish man more than made up for it with stories of his family back home. Once we
  arrived at the counter of the warehouse, came the 1st of many surprises. I thought
  he was joking when he told me about all the damage wavers: ash, sandstorm, gravel,
  & the oddest one water damage when they can''t salvage the car. I asked if he was
  kidding & learned about once a month a tourist sinks a car trying to ford a river.
  Moral of the story in Iceland, err on the side of caution or at the very least observe
  the car in front. People are incredibly friendly including my hotelier who allowed
  me to check in 8hrs early to nap before my walking city tour. Like most Icelanders,
  my tour guide was hysterical & an excellent storyteller. While there I managed to
  earn a parking ticket. The meter was in Icelandic, so I tried my best, put in my
  credit card, pressed the button, & apparently took the receipt from the last guy
  whilst leaving my paid pass for the next guy. Thankfully I was able to chase down
  my guide & ask him to translate. Luckily downtown Reykjavik is small & so he took
  me to city hall after being confused himself & helped me file a claim. The receptionist
  explained the man in charge of disputes was at a funeral & wouldn''t be back until
  later, but I could leave a note. They helped me write an explanation & on our way
  we went. Wouldn''t you know it, when we parted & I continued on my own I accidentally
  ended up crashing the very same funeral at the church next door. I recognized the
  man from his portrait & he signed off clearing me. Armed with my trusty guide book
  I left the capital in my swaying SUV in search of the Eldborg crater. It told me
  to go onto a farm & cross the gate, so I did, in my car. Little did I know the fields
  I crisscrossed had me circling the exact crater I was looking for. I had it in my
  mind I was looking for a giant hole in the ground instead of the explosion crater
  of a volcano that it was. The farmer greeted me as his truck came to a screeching
  halt blocking my path & he kindly yelled at me to look up from the GPS & out the
  window along with some new choice Icelandic phrases. Lots of important lessons learned
  that trip, but what will stick with me are the local connections I made through
  the wonderful Icelanders.'
