Title: Five Hours in Baja California
DateModified: '2018-01-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/five-hours-in-baja-california
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Andrew Contreras
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Mike, my little brother, asked me to come with him and his friend to Mexico.
  This is really all I heard it didn't matter why we were going to Mexico I just love
  to travel so I said of course I'll be ready at 5am which is when we were leaving
  the next morning. I slept most the drive down till we were at the border in south
  San Diego County. This is where we stopped for breakfast right before crossing the
  border into Mexico. Going into Mexico I saw these armed vehicles and soldiers all
  around then I noticed all the difference in landscape right away. This was probably
  one of the cloudiest days to drive down this highway through the border countries
  in Baja and the driver was going over 80mph which made me start to wonder if I was
  even going to make it to the small town we were headed to. When the sun started
  peaking out, we noticed how alongside this highway there were these giant boulders
  like bigger than normal kind of huge Rocks that were laying on the ground. I wondered
  what those were and how did they get there and many more questions till I fell asleep
  again. When we arrived to this little village, 90km up in the mountains past Ensenada,
  there was only one road which was built for military use but everything else was
  natural, a complete desert. We parked at this house which was the only one that
  had a real roof, and turns out this was the town's church building. The Pastor came
  out to greet us and welcomed us into his house. His wife immediately started cooking
  this great Mexican meal. While we were eating, we were all talking about peppers
  and the really spicy ones like jabaneros and ghost peppers and the Pastors wife
  after giving me a bunch of different peppers which didn't affect me, she gave me
  this dried habanero which aren't supposed to be eaten by themselves, but she told
  me "no no es tan enchiloso" which translates it's not that spicy so I ate one whole
  as if it were a potato chip. This pepper did not seem to have any kind of spice
  at all for the first five minutes almost to the point that my friend went to eat
  one, which is where it it hit me hard. I started crying not only out of my eyes,
  but my nose mouth and ears too. After recovering with a lot of salt and coffee,
  we went over to this drug-rehab center which is where we were going to help serve.
  This place wasn't like an ordinary center to put things in perspective, their only
  water came from rain on their roof. We ended up playing a full on soccer game with
  all the guys there.
