Title: Follow the flow in Varanasi
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/follow-the-flow-in-varanasi
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Matteo Tettamanzi
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'One of the most fascinating places I visited and I still keep in my heart is
  Varanasi, the sacred city on the riverside of the Ganges. I arrived there by train
  from Nepal, and I loved it so much that I changed my schedule to stay more than
  planned.

  After a brief visit to the main attractions the atmosphere totally absorbed me,
  and I found myself roaming in the narrow alleys of the ancient city, just trying
  to sync with the flow of everyday life in one of the most spiritual places on earth.


  Here everything revolves around the Ganges and the ghats (the steps going down to
  the River): these are some of the most iconic symbols of the Hindu tradition. I
  met Rajan while I was sitting on one of the stone piers alongside the water: he
  introduced himself and offered me a boat tour on the River. Even if I was tired
  of people approaching me trying to sell anything, I accepted the tour and I do not
  regret it because from there the view of the old town is a must-see.

  The pier where I met Rajan became my favorite spot on the River, and the following
  days I spent many time there admiring the sunrise, relaxing with a book, watching
  the children playing cricket on the steps (not the ideal field, but still funny
  for sure), or just chatting with Rajan: he already sold me the boat tour, so he
  only occasionally talked to me, but that was enough to find out something less touristic
  about the city.


  One morning I was looking at the many Hindus busy doing rituals in the water, and
  Rajan was already there waiting for the early tourists: he invited me to join the
  hundreds of people in the River, as the Ganges washes away anyone''s sins. For a
  moment my mind went to the "rules for a safe trip abroad", but I could not resist
  and had a full bath under the disbelieving gaze of some other tourists!


  Actually, many of my memories are connected with the moments when I broke those
  rules: on the alleys I had my first lassi, a drink made with yogurt, ice and fruit
  (my favorite was with pomegranate), and on the same alleys I followed a guy determined
  to show me his silk shop, where he worked with at least ten relatives: I really
  had fun haggling for more than one hour with him for a scarf, while he offered me
  the ubiquitous masala chai.


  "Why don''t you carry a camera with you?" Rajan asked me once: in fact my camera
  was often resting on the backpack. From the very first moment I was overwhelmed
  by India with all its traditions, colors and scents: I was just too busy enjoying
  every moment!'
