Title: Food and the culture
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/food-and-the-culture
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Shweta Tiwari
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'When you wonder that life has no meaning, pack your bags and travel.

  Travel to different cities, regions etc.

  Travelling tells you more about yourself and helps you discovering a new you.

  But travelling is more than discovering yourself but the others in your journey.

  It makes you talk more about the people living in that place and the good and its
  rich culture.

  When you discover a place it is more about the food and the culture than the demographic
  location.As we all know the place is just the first name but the local good and
  culture is the last name.

  In a similar way I happen to understand the last name of a place nearby Bangalore,
  chikmagalur, around 250 Kms away from the hustling life of Bengaluru.

  It hardly takes 5 hours to reach this beautiful small town via bus/car, this time
  I wanted to understand the region more by its food and culture and so I decided
  not to stay in a hotel but in a homestay.off late homestays are getting popular
  amongst the city crowd coz of the experience they offer.

  When I say experience it is the food and the Extra homely touch you get for what
  you pay.

  Mind you these homestays are not cheap as they offer food along with your comfy
  beds.

  Coming back to the people of chikmagalur, it has mix crowd, when I say crowd, I
  discovered them when I happen to travel by local bus towards belur (a small town
  away from chikmagalur - famous for a beautiful temple).When you are in a small place
  like this getting access to transport can be a bit of a pain but you will enjoy
  the ride, thanks to picturesque view these countryside have to offer.

  The food as the local call it is nalnda style.i love the subtle taste and the warmth
  people offer when they serve hot hot food.

  I truly enjoyed their hospitality and I would love to go back and forth.'
