Title: 'Freedom Wrider:  Exploring the Freedom Ride '
DateModified: '2018-02-12'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/freedom-wrider-exploring-the-freedom-ride
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Matthew Wallen
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Out of the frosty December morning "Freedom Wrider," was born merged from cyclist
  and writer.  Itching at my mind, the Jackson, MS Civil Rights, and Natural History
  Museum had been something I wanted to visit for the past several weeks since its
  opening.  Only hold up, the method of transportation had to be customizable.  Often
  unknown opportunities arise and the ability to change on the dime was crucia for
  my unrestrained travel as I enjoy taking a longer trip than most.  Many times extending
  the trip for a holistic, kicked back experience integrating time with locals along
  the way .  Train and plane options for some reason didn't jive well at the time
  with me, and so I knew I wanted to stay on the ground.  This led me to the idea
  of cycling approximately 800 or so miles from West Central Illinois to Jackson MS
  via byways, highways, backroads, gravel roads, and dirtroads, oh, and I can't forget
  occassionally grain fields.  This was the first of my longer distance adventure
  tours by cycle, and the spontaneous decision of leaving in late December excited
  me, as well as humbled my spirit regarding the challenges, and joys to come.  I
  was ready in no time, and sent out my early Christmas wishes and hit the road.  Originally
  following the Mississippi River Trail toward Southern Illinois I was hit with the
  midwests first winter weather conditions.  Snow and sub freezing temps challenged
  me all the way to the outskirts of St. Louis, but sunrises overlooking the river,
  listening to the eagles, pelicans, and herons cry out soaring overhead in majestic
  beauty balanced that out.  Crushing iceburgs while riding the ferry from Missouri
  to Kentucky reminded me of Antartica, and getting chased by boxer dogs around Reelfoot
  National Wildlife Refuge, Tennessee pushed my endurance.  Entering MS the weather
  drastically changed from a dry air, and freezing temps to a humid, wet, and warmer
  climate making camping much more enjoyable especially being in the Appalachian foothills,
  and the roads were very cycle friendly.  Arriving in Jackson, MS after three weeks
  on the road brought mixed emotions and feelings that I struggled to understand as
  I dismounted my bike, entered the museum, and spiraled around its terrain of visual,
  and audio information stimulating my senses from every angle. I had reached my intended
  distination, although completely satisfied with the museum and physicaI trip, I
  dreamt of new ways of what is meant by living on the edge, and the Freedom Ride.
