Title: Free Falling to Freedom
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/free-falling-to-freedom
SetInCountry: Switzerland
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Carissa Hartig
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: The surprisingly warm September breeze kissed my skin through the window as
  we drove along the twisty, smooth gravel mountain road toward our destination in
  the Lauterbrunnen Valley, Switzerland. I admired the forest covered snow top mountains
  that enclosed us in a crisp green valley, coated with untouched rolling hills and
  abundant with serene wildlife. Staubbach Falls filled the valley with the sound
  of masses of gushing water pounding against the rocks below. There were so many
  wonderful things to do in Lauterbrunnen; however there was one activity that my
  partner Rhys was intent on experiencing, Skydive Lauterbrunnen. I had seen how joy
  consumed him when he conquered extreme activities. I had always desired the confidence
  to try things myself but could never push past the fear. We spent the night discussing
  the immense beauty, charm and serenity that surrounded us. Feeling inspired I agreed
  to step out of my comfort zone and take the 45 second, 4000 metre free fall the
  following day. I felt uneasy as I stepped into my red one piece skydive suit. I
  listened intently to the safety briefing but my mind was so cloudy that still I
  felt as if I had missed something. As we approached the helicopter Rhys joked about
  how quiet I had been all morning, I laughed and unexpectedly burst into tears. He
  gave me a hug and assured me that this was going to be the best thing I will ever
  do for myself. The higher the helicopter rose, the more overwhelmed with fear I
  felt. My stomach sunk as the instructor opened the door and pushed me to the edge.
  I instantly shut my eyes, crossed my arms on my chest and waited for the drop. I
  meant to tap his shoulder when I was ready but I was paralysed. Eventually, I felt
  a kick and we flipped out the door. My eyes peeled open and my arms widened like
  a bird as we were free falling through the clouds. The sound of the wind in my ears
  was deafening and the air felt fresh on my skin. I expected to feel like I was falling
  however it felt more like I was gliding. As the parachute opened we were hauled
  into the sky before we began a slow decent to the ground. I had a clear view of
  the whole valley; It was the most eye capturing site I had ever seen. I felt free
  as I brushed my feet against treetops and skimmed my hand through waterfalls before
  sliding to the ground. Not long after landing Rhys followed. I ran over to him overwhelmed
  with excitement and for the first time ever I was able to share with him the joy
  I had always desired.
