Title: Freedom
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/freedom-2
SetInCountry: St Vincent & Grenadines
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Keeton Castillo
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: The one unsure is trying to express their current uncertainty, the one who seems
  sure feels like anything other than confidence is a sign of negativity..... Imagine
  the next few steps, imagine the confusion that entwines. I honestly feel lack of
  communication is the root to the ye old friends turn too enemies thought procees,
  the paranoia that entwined as I got closer too my decision was radical, I quit a
  few habits just too see if these were adding to this extraordinary self insight.
  Yes and no is a short conclusion to that experiment, however I did learn where a
  lot of missing money had travelled too. Like an eagle I soared above all instincts
  and common sense, people I had always appreciated for there advice, I directly intentionally
  chose so I could do the opposite of their sound recommendations, everything that
  seemed to be sound reasoning was leading me too inner suffering, my mum ( my actual
  mum) told me when I was in one of my former states of mediocrity that sometimes
  you should have dinner for breakfast, and sleep all day see if that works. . Go
  back too work say my favourite mentor, by God I'm going to waste all my money, and
  not even consider where my next paycheck will come from. Settle down and find a
  woman, converted too start rapping and make not so much degrading but taunting lyrics
  to all the women in my life and make them consider my former gentlemen like credentials,
  go to uni haaaa I call your go to uni with a go travelling half way across the world
  whilst simultaneously skipping out at the beginning of my rap music, and community
  projects. Yes my life looked like it was about too change, so I jumped on a plane
  did community agricultural work in The Caribbean, cut off all communication with
  the UK and let it all go. For two years since, I have been growing my mind, and
  often I have felt a distance growing from myself and people around me, my former
  goals. Yet I know now I did the right thing, as I have become self sufficient in
  my mind, I have gained a new found respect for personal space my own and other people,
  learned what influence is and minor and large facets of influence we all individually
  hold.
