Title: Fribourg the eclectic medieval town
DateModified: '2018-01-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/fribourg-the-eclectic-medieval-town
SetInCountry: Switzerland
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Ana Marcelino
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: Got the train that connects Geneva airport with the flughafen in Zurich every
  hour, and drop at the town that bridges a multitude of cultures in its own way.
  My hotel stays at a walking distance from the gare, but if in the arrival the fields
  of grass covered with white and fresh snow is idyllic, rolling a luggage bag over
  it can be less charming. The Fribourgeoise people although very chatty share the
  overall Swiss politeness in not getting intrude others people lives. So after loosing
  all the wheels in my bag I finally got to my warm hotel room with the help of a
  89 years old lady that spoke all the four official languages of the country. With
  a warm shower taken, I got back to the street to walk a bit before dinnertime. Going
  downtown, the grey facades of buildings work as a perfect reflector of all the white
  from the snow, giving to the town a very bright tonality. At the Sarine River, partially
  frozen the view is perfect for the prevailing buildings arranged in the most random
  way. With the cathedral of saint Nicolas picking to be seen by the curious eyes
  of people like me looking at the strange organization of white roofs. The cold calls
  for a hot beverage so I reach the restaurant streets with a ride in the water-tram.
  Time passes quietly with locals telling tales. The street is a rather busy one,
  but people take their time. At times I had to look behind me when walking, as everyone
  else were walking behind me and at the same pace. A couple of foreigners working
  in the city cheerful invite me for a street festival going on in the other side
  of the town. On my way there I doubted of my decision for several times. Could something
  any interesting could be happening in what look at me a deserted place surrounded
  by naked trees and frozen snow. I arrived at Goulag festival shortly before sunset,
  but the place was already full of people enjoying an after dinner hot wine with
  spices or cardinal beer. For the incautious people like me with empty stomach only
  bread with sausages and mustard, but to dance it would be difficult to define such
  eclectic environment. From fanfare bands of Balkans, to French rock the night was
  a delight of world music, with people enjoying every and each song as if it was
  familiar to them. Between bonfires and playful conversations, I end up the night
  already in the morning playing petanga with people from around the world feeling
  that Fribourg could be a place where different is welcome, besides its untouchable
  medieval facades.
