Title: From buenos aires to the Quiaca
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/from-buenos-aires-to-the-quiaca
SetInCountry: Argentina
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: ana maria ciamberlani
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: The crossing that united Buenos Aires with the Quiaca in Bolivia, started in
  the living room of the house, in italy with my husband, it was two months before
  the trip where we made changes and exchanges to be able in only 14 days to discover
  the greatest amount of places, we wanted to see everything and we were not too aware
  of the difficulties that the trip reserved for us or maybe we did not care. We had
  decided to rent a pick up to Buenos Aires, 4000 meters high, 'Los piquetes', 5000
  km between secondary routes, mountain roads, dirt tracks, narrow roads and deserted
  moments. The peasants in the interior of the country, as a protest against the government,
  did not let the vehicles through the main routes, these 'pickets' accompanied us
  throughout the trip, they delayed us and made us understand some of the problems
  that embrace the Argentina. We had read from the North, this faraway land, from
  the great deserted expanses, that the inhabitants were kind and quiet people with
  skin tanned by the sun and the cold. What we had not read was that you had to give
  yourself up, let yourself be dazzled, of a fine and rustic beauty at the same time,
  that unfolds - like one of its carpets - with a variety of landscapes and infinite
  colors. When I thought of the pre-Andean area that we were going to visit, I imagined
  the great heights, the land of taupe color, a little monotonous due to the lack
  of vegetation. Actually I would not have imagined that the color was going to be
  the driving thread of the trip, if I have to remember the places we visited, the
  taupe does not exist in my memories. Celestial and white were the flags of 'the
  pickets'; The Valley of the Moon, is an imposing desert chalk and rose; Talampaya,
  a canyon of intense red brick; Cafayate, vibrant green like the vine that grows
  from its land; Purmamarca, an ancient pink town with a large set of seven colors;
  Salta, is a beautiful baroque and white lady; The square of Tilcara is rainbow,
  as are all the fabrics and rugs that artisans make and exhibit; Humahuaca is gold,
  like the altar of Candelaria; Cachi is red pepper that dries in the sun, so white
  'las salinas' that his reflection makes you look bad and almost prevents you from
  looking at them. We live a distant and unique experience, we imbue ourselves with
  the beauty, simplicity and dignity of the people we met. When we returned home,
  the suitcase was filled with colorful souvenirs, red as our memories of this unique
  experience.
