Title: From Catalina, With Love
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/from-catalina-with-love
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Brad Sailer
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Two weeks ago, I sat staring at this empty text box trying to think of my best
  travel story when I realized that I could make a new adventure whenever I wanted!
  So I pulled up Google and quickly found the Trans-Catalina trail, a rugged 38 mile
  trek across Catalina Island from one end to the other. I wasted no further time.
  I bought an airline ticket, stripped my pack of weight and two days and a short
  ferry ride from Los Angeles later, I found myself standing in the small harbor town
  of Avalon on Valentines Day, looking up at the large deserted mountains that surrounded
  it and wondering what I had gotten myself into. "No one got anywhere in life being
  afraid to bleed..." I said nervously to myself, and started to climb.


  Halfway up, I was sure I was going to die on this island. My heart pounded in my
  chest, sweat poured down my face and my legs started to sear with pain. I felt way
  in over my head and thought about turning back, but that fire in me that has taken
  me to the most incredible places began to burn hot, and I dug my trekking poles
  in and kept going. Finally, I reached the top and the full view of the island came
  screaming into view, the blue-green waters of the pacific crashing against it on
  all sides; truely, them gem of the Channel Islands. In all my travels, I had never
  seen a more breathtaking sight and knowing that I had earned it made it deliciously
  palpable. I looked out across the trail, all vertical climbs and steep descents,
  and I knew I had to finish it whether it killed me or not. For three days I walked
  painfully across the island, gifted with stunning views and the company of retired
  movie-star buffalo and tiny, endangered island foxes. My days were difficult, hot
  and dusty, but every night I was treated to glistening quartz beaches and communal
  campfires surrounded by the other hikers on the trail. For the first time in my
  life, I felt physically and mentally tested and as if I were intrinsically earning
  every beautiful moment. It had actually, purely, become the best travel experience
  in my life.


  Finally decending the last of the trail into the small isthmus town of Two Harbors,
  I bought a beer and collapsed on the soft beach sand, feeling accomplished and little
  bit wiser to the world. The people I had met, the animals I''d shared the trail
  with and the incredible things I had seen sinking into my bones, forever a part
  of me. And now I sit in this small island bar, waiting for my ferry back, sharing
  my story with you, with love.'
