Title: From Minsk to Kiev
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/from-minsk-to-kiev
SetInCountry: Belarus
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Sergei Andrushkevich
AuthorCountry: Belarus
Text: 'Every person tries to live other people''s lives. People, and I among them,
  do it in many ways: they read news in social networks and news portals, watch TV
  shows, read books. It is necessary for any person as food and air. Why? Answer is
  simple - we live in age of information. My favorite way to live someone else''s
  life is to travel. It does not matter whether it''s a neighboring village or a huge
  metropolis, a forest or a desert, you can try a new life everywhere.

  This time I went to Kiev (Ukraine). We traveled together - me and my wife. From
  Minsk to Kiev, 590 kilometers (12 hours in bus). Some discomfort in the trip is
  not problem for us. In the difficulties of the trip want to take care of the neighbor.

  There were several stops in time to trip:

  1. Night Gomel. The feeling of the abandoned factory was maintained for half an
  hour in this district center. Even the people who went into the bus looked like
  they were fleeing from the scene of the accident.  Their faces said: "I have not
  forgotten anything? Did I save everything? "

  2. The customs checkpoint Novaya Guta. Nothing outstanding. Only the impression
  this place is left in the past. We returned 15 years ago - furniture, people''s
  behavior, the situation is still preserved from the 90''s.

  3. Morning town Chernigov. And here a new life begins (we are in another country)!
  The most amazing thing is that you cease to pay attention to inconveniences, but
  absorb energy of another world, at the same time you notice only the pluses: the
  greenery, even near the roads, is different, new buildings, non-native speech!

  Another 4 hours and we are in Kiev. Our brain begins to excite: "We need to look
  at everything, talk with everyone, buy everything, go everywhere!".

  We walk around the city - many hills, beautiful buildings, delicious local food.
  And then when we walking along the pedestrian bridge we see rope jumpers. They pulled
  their ropes and prepare to jump. This is fascinating show. We look and empathize.

  I also decided to try to jump.

  What prompted me to this decision? I want to experience a new life! I want new feelings,
  new emotions.

  Guys explain me the rules.  I agree. I''m wearing a helmet and climbing harness.
  All I have to do is cross the fence of the bridge. I carefully cross the bridge
  railing. Looked down. The heart beats like crazy. Now the main thing is not to look
  down. Leap, separation ....

  A year has passed - a shudder so far. The travel helps to get off tired, forget
  difficulties, find meaning.'
