Title: Full moon in Copacabana
DateModified: '2018-01-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/full-moon-in-copacabana
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jaime Cadena
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Before anything, you need to know I was born in Colombia and I spent most of
  my life in its capital, which is to say I am not the typical rhythm-driven Caribbean
  guy that dances to any music and easily seduces with his hip movements. Instead
  I am a big town kid who grew amidst massive traffic jams, a concrete jungle and
  the cold winds you get at 2500 meters above sea level in the Andes mountain chain.
  And this led me to take a trip to Rio de Janeiro, a truly rhythm-full city known
  for all its party, beautiful sights and people. Almost 8 years ago I checked into
  a very nice and small hostel just a few blocks away from the famous beach of Copacabana
  and where I would meet people that accompanied me through the crazy adventure of
  exploring Rio's beauty. Many sights were seen including the typical visit to Christ
  the Reedemer statue in top of Corcovado mountain, the Sugarloaf mountain and the
  iconic beach where unfortunately I couldn't meet that Ipanema girl that would change
  my life and inspire my musical side. However, Rio's quite kind and its beauty is
  matched by its surprises, which is why I did end up meeting quite a remarkable,
  beautiful, gracious Brazilian girl during a visit to a very local nightclub. I may
  be from a cold concrete city, but still I can easily manage approach people and
  try to look for a connection, which is what happily happened with this girl. Renata
  is her name and not only did she want to talk to me, but she was also willing to
  teach me how to dance the familiar but unknown music being played in that club.
  That was a marvelous night and I had much fun and exchanged some contact info with
  her, noticing that Facebook was still not as big as it is today. A couple of days
  went by and I sent a message to her in case she would be at the Soccer World Cup
  transmission in Copacaba, and to my surprise she replied to tell me that she was
  there and we should meet. After talking for a while and watching the last soccer
  match of the day, the event turned into a Brazilian party and that unknown music
  was playing again. I have not been able to forget much about that night, beginning
  with me turning around to the sea and watching how a full-moon light was covering
  the beach, which she also notice. After that, we realized it was a special night
  and we went on to dancing and enjoying that incredible environment until late at
  night. Definitely, Rio left me with many memories and the satisfaction of a remarkable
  connection that I still cherish.
