Title: Georgia, the heart of Caucasus
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/georgia-the-heart-of-caucasus
SetInCountry: Georgia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jessica Serva
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Georgia, Europe, one country, hidden in the Caucasus region, a beautiful land
  which marks the border between Europe and Asia.

  My travel began with a dialogue, but not a simple conversation with tourists or
  local people. I took part in an amazing international project of 10 days about interreligious
  dialogue with young people from many countries and different religions. We spoke
  a lot about this topic and we decided to have a social theatre in a rare pearl on
  the Black Sea: Batumi. It became a common land to express equality, respect, and
  tolerance. We danced representing funny scenes about various religions, from those
  more known to other not so famous in all over the world. Local children particularly
  enjoyed our show and the most beautiful thing was to become with the "foreigner"
  a one, the same human being with so many colours and shades.

  Batumi is for me also the city of love where the history remembers two lovers united
  and then separated by the first world war: Ali and Nino, a Muslim guy the first,
  and a Georgian princess the second one. Their love was hindered until Ali was killed
  during the war.

  Well this timeless love is represented in Batumi through two giant iron stuatues
  which going around in a platform and every 5 minutes they meet themseves in an amazing
  hug, then kiss, they combine in a unique soul and at the end Ali goes away to return
  after a little to visit his lost love.

  Real love can''t be beaten by phisical death, their souls wil stay together forever.

  We also visit many religious places: Catholic or Protestant churches, Mosques, Synagogues
  and this perfect coexistence of different religions in a region so full of wild
  nature, wind, melting pot of so many foods and cultures, the meeting beetwen East
  and West, is the clear evidence that different people can live in a same space with
  love, happiness and respect of traditions.

  Another wonderful moment of this travel was my climb to get to Narikala fortress
  in the higher part of Tbilisi, Capital of Georgia. In that perfect time when I reached
  the top of the little mountain, a hot wind mess with my hair and I felt free: travel
  represents this for me, freedom and joy to express myself in any part of the world
  I can consider home for a while. Also being part of a group to exchange stories
  and points of view, feel like a small ant in a bigger universe and above all enrich
  ourselves with new lifestyles and see lots of natural landscapes in our planet


  Jessica from Italy, but citizen of the world'
