Title: Gesture of love in Kathmandu
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/gesture-of-love-in-kathmandu
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Melanie Timmerman
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: It was a warm and humid afternoon in Kathmandu when I climbed up the temple
  stairs at Durbar Square. From here you have a perfect overview on the hustle and
  bustle of the daily local life. Sitting here gives you the opportunity to soak up
  the smells, chaos and colors of life in Kathmandu. I love this spot, it separates
  you from everything that is going on at the busy square and it somehow works very
  calming for me. From behind of one the temples came a little boy, he must have been
  2 or  3 years old. Even from that distance you could see that he didn't had a proper
  bath for ages and he only worn a dirty jumper and no pants. Holding tight onto a
  shiny, orange mandarin, he was clearly searching for something. Our eyes crossed
  and he started walking towards me, climbing the steps of the stairs very carefully.
  He handed his little, orange treasure over to me and looked at me with his big brown
  eyes. For a moment I wondered why he decided to came up to hand me his mandarin.
  I mean, he looked like he was very keen to eat it. But then, his little, dirty hand
  came forward, while trying to peel the skin off the fruit. He didn't had much luck
  doing it and once again he looked at me. That's it, I got it, he wants me to help
  him peel his mandarin. Together we peeled the mandarin, and I handed it back to
  him. He sat down in between my legs, taking the time to enjoy his juicy treasure.
  After finishing it, he turned around and opened his little arms.  I looked at him,
  and saw his tiny body, wondering where my little men came from and where he would
  sleep tonight. And there came that glorious feeling of love within me, I opened
  up my arms and it took him seconds to embrace the opportunity to receive the motherly
  love he was after. After a long squeezy hug, he turned around, down the stairs and
  back into the busy life at the square.  It made me realise that 'love does', you
  only have to pay it forward. No matter where you are in the world, there is always
  someone, even, or should I say especially, when you are travelling, that can do
  with a little gesture of love.
