Title: Getting to know Cayman
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/getting-to-know-cayman
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Amanda Jayashree Singh
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'Sunny destinations and I seem to have a connection.  There is something about
  basking in the sun and breathing in the freshness of the ocean waves that often
  lead me to these hot destinations quite often.  With my parents being immigrants
  from South America, and myself being a Canadian, I thought I would have an immunity
  to our chilly winters.  However with my passion to explore and being a sun worshiper
  led me to travel to beautiful Barbados, Anguilla, St Maarten, Grenada to name a
  few.  But this experience to Cayman Islands this past August left me feeling liberated,
  and more in touch with the locals than I have ever felt.  The connections I made
  felt like a home away from home.


  For many of us travelling, we not only seek out the culture, the food, the accommodations
  and activities, what heavily weighs on our decision is the weather.  In life there
  are no guarantee''s, but we always hope for the best.  I remember checking the forecast
  the night before my flight to Cayman Islands, rethinking my vacation.  The forecast
  displayed cloudy skies all week with rain.  I thought to myself is this really a
  great idea? I''m leaving sunshine in Toronto for some rain? But I took the risk
  because I realized that exploring a new island would most likely be the core of
  my travel experience, and after all, the weather is unpredictable.


  My arrival was sweet, the resort I stayed at was beautiful and partnered with Westin
  Hotel.  The beaches were picture perfect and the food was absolutely phenomenal.  Having
  become accustomed to being a solo traveler and now a lifestyle blogger and writer,
  each time I visit a new territory, there are many stories to be told.


  What can I tell you about Cayman Islands that will make you want to hop on a flight
  and leave it all behind? The people are eccentric, with tourists from around the
  word in and out each day, the island is tax free therefore it is much easier to
  know your expenditures, and that week in August was nothing but sunshine.  The locals
  are friendly, the island is extremely easy to navigate and transportation is affordable.  There
  are a variety of water activities, various cuisine by expert chefs and a beautiful
  city like feel in Camana Bay.  Whisking off to Rum island on a jet boat makes one
  feel like they are at another destination.  The underwater subway puts you in touch
  with a  world you have yet to see.  Beauty surrounds you on this island and I would
  not think twice to return.


  Cayman Islands you captured my heart.'
