Title: Gift
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/gift
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Zarema Karabekova
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: Morning, nature slowly waking up. It looks nobody and nothing is hurry up in
  India. Everything smoothly moving, here your rhythm has been changed to be more
  slowly. Metamorphosis happens,  you become more calm down and quieter even you stay
  in the busy noisy streets, where cows lied down in the center of  the road, where
  each driver tell to other driver or somebody else around by a signal (may be the
  biggest drivier's problem if signal of own vehicle doesn't work)  plus music music
  music playing everywhere, all together it is just the one big a madness cacophony.
  Cows, pedestrians crossing road, cars, bicycles, rickshaw-pullers, its fully chaos,
  which works by own rules, does their's intuition so strong so they can read mind
  of each other and escaping crashes, who knows. Finally, our car safety leaving  these
  streets and bringing to the beginning of the path of 18 kms for the Kedarnath Temple
  in Himalyas, dedicated to Lord Shiva. There are not so big choice to get there,
  mostly pilgrims reach it by foot or rent pony or manchan. More close you to the
  temple less plants and trees around, if during the first few kilometres its wealth
  green trees with beautiful big butterflies ad it would be slowly disappearing and
  transforming to simply clean forms, less trees, less birds and no butterflies ...
  more space, more air,  more rocks and nothing else, everything looks simple straight
  as the truth with fine beauty breaking boundaries around you. You could expect the
  path be narrow and difficult, but actually its pretty much wide and paved and cleaned.
  You could expect to meet a few people or they would be more closed but not here,
  more getting you higher more strangers and pilgrims you meet, who greet with sincere
  smile. You relaxing, you getting slow and you are moving. Step by step, step by
  step, you getting tired you getting more slowly you are getting a little bit lost,
  step breath step breath stop and breath, there is no choice, only forward. It just
  a pause before to the next step, look around there is nothing to see, silence, milky
  fog, what you can see only the next step. Again step by step breath, few meters
  more and fog behind you, you look back and see valley covered by clouds and in front
  of you white top of lofty mountains... Himalays. Its almost done, its almost evening.
  You thought it would be another simple trekking but it gifts you a present to move
  forward, make steps and breath, it doesn't matter how foggy life seems at the moment...
