Title: Going to Canada. Seeing the World.
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/going-to-canada-seeing-the-world
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Hugo Azevedo
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'The year was 2009. It was the year I left Brazil''s tropical weather behind
  and went on a journey having ice cold Canada as a destination. Well, I must admit
  it was actually pretty warm when I stepped out of Toronto''s Airport feeling that
  mild air of July on my skin. But Toronto was not the final stop. I had an aunt waiting
  for me outside the airport. She was a professor at a Brazilian university and had
  set off to Canada to do academic research. Since she had no children of her own
  she decided to invite me to come along. As we got on the road a feeling of awe ran
  through my entire body. Everything seemed so fresh and new. It felt like even the
  sky looked different. Even the green of the trees on the side of the road felt more
  alive as if it filled by life itself. After driving for an hour we arrived at our
  destination: the city of Guelph. While Toronto is populated by 3 million citizens,
  Guelph has no more than 130 thousand inhabitants. It is a small town for sure, but
  this fact certainly did not make my experience any less greater than it was. Everything
  around me was made of new experiences waiting to be experienced. To begin with I
  had the language situation. English, as we all know. I was no master in the language
  at the time, what got me into some awkward and some really funny situations. Like
  the time the hot dog guy tried to warn me about putting too much pepper in my hot
  dog by repeating the words "too much" uncountable times while all I could hear was
  "tomate" which is the Portuguese word for tomato. After a few months I started getting
  a hang of the language. When summer was over I began my high school studies at a
  public school where I took English classes directed to foreign students like me.
  That''s where the magic happened. Before going to Canada I had never thought I would
  meet so many non Canadian''s in Canada. In a Canadian school. But that''s exactly
  what happened. Most of the classes I took were with kids from all over the world.
  There was this guy from India, that one from Afghanistan, one from Albania, the
  Chinese girls, a girl from Angola, another one from Japan, a group of cousins from
  Colombia. At the end of my time in Canada I felt like I had been not only to Canada
  but to all those countries from which my classmates had come. This was for sure
  the last thing I expected. Being able to experience so many different cultures not
  by visiting different places, but by meeting and talking to different people.'
