Title: Going Back Home
DateModified: '2018-01-31'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/going-back-home
SetInCountry: Netherlands
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Joan  Koechig
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: In doing family research, you always wish that you can knock down that brick
  wall- find that missing bit of information to answer the question about those long
  ago ancestors that will then make you want to search for that generation's parents
  so the search continues.   In finding my long lost cousin in Germany, we connected
  and went to visit him.  He took my husband and me back to the same village in the
  Netherlands from which my ancestors left in 1662.  Yes, 1662. Not the late 1840's
  when many Germans emigated to the United States or even the beginning of the twentieth
  century when many from eastern Europe had the courage to leave home for a new world
  for which many did not speak the language.  My Dutch ancestors left Borculo in 1662
  and landed in New Amsterdam, just two years before the English gained control of
  the area.   In doing research, I found my distant cousin Andreas.   His ancestor,
  the brother of mine, stayed in the Netherlands.  When we went to visit him in Bocholt,
  he took us the relatively short distance from his home in northwestern Germany to
  this sleepy village in the Netherlands.   Crossing the border in present time was
  not a problem at all.  I wonder what it was like to cross from one country to another
  in the seventeenth century.  Going to the area felt so comfortable.  Of course not
  a lot is left from my ancestor's time but the present owner of the property was
  very graciously in showing us around the property that had been in his family for
  over one hundred years.   I can not imagine what it was like, in general, to leave
  one's home because of religious persecution or for basic survival reasons.  One
  of my husband's families left Germany in the 1850's as their small village could
  not support the 600 souls who lived there.  So, 200 of them picked up and packed
  up and moved to southeast Missouri.  But my Dutch relatives, made the trek almost
  200 years before.  What were the conditions like then when the mother and father
  and son (my ancestor who was then 3 years old) and his six year old sister came
  to this new world, following a brother who had earlier moved to New Amsterdam.  As
  many generations removed as my cousin and I are, we are also very much alike.  We
  both want to know about our families and take great pride in where our families
  ended up.  His grandfather moved from Borculo to Bocholt Germany and over a period
  of time and migration, mine ended up in what would become the state of Missouri.  Amazing
  local connection!!!
