Title: Green Windows
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/green-windows
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: "Ana Cl\xE1udia Fernandes"
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: The decision was made. She had to walk and not look back. Doubts were many,
  but a single certainty steadied his step at that time. She could not give anything
  until she had fully possessed herself. And she departed, shattering the one she
  loved most and denying her own shattering. But that was the way. Without freedom
  we have nothing to give. It had been 8 years since she had made that paradigmatic
  decision in her life. She was absorbed in her thoughts, sipping her coffee in small
  sips to better aspire to her invigorating scent. She was in the Swiss Chalet, a
  kiosk with interior space open to the public, located in the emblematic Jardim do
  Passeio Alegre in Foz do Douro, in the city of Oporto in Portugal. That decision
  thwarted all the expectations she gave as certain in her life. It was as if she
  began a trip to an unknown location, without a map, without any guiding reference.
  The course was made reaching new achievements and overcoming the fears of the unpredictable.
  And at each step, she felt the strength she had gained by counteracting projects
  given as certain and the richness of daring to live new possibilities. At least
  once in a lifetime, it's crucial to take a trip without a map, she thought. From
  there she went to the house of the Largo do Ouro, next to the chapel of Santa Catarina.
  She entered and was immediately enveloped by the view of the deep green of the garden,
  arranged in three nice terraces lined with hydranjas. The experience of that house
  was based on the dynamics of the seasons. In the autumn, we were surrounded by the
  vivid red of the virgin vineyard that advertised a welcoming space for the approaching
  wintry times. Spring brought us the sweet scent of the garden gardenias and camellias
  that prepared the arrival of summer. We could feel the noise of the waters of the
  Douro River and the fishermen who walked along the sidewalks of the Largo do Ouro.
  At the end of the day she sat at the desk overlooking the garden and began to write.  At
  all times something new is starting and we have the possibility to experience a
  new way of being. We are always making ourselves known to the world and to ourselves.
  That day she fell asleep deeply and had a dream of a trip. She was in Buenos Aires
  at Cafe Tortoni. The voice of Amelita Baldar was heard singing to Ballad for a Loco
  of Astor Piazzola. She woke up smiling. Then she closed her eyes again, heard the
  silence, and absorbed the tranquility that enfolded her sweetly.
