Title: Guided Through an Artist&#39;s Paradise
DateModified: '2018-02-14'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/guided-through-an-artist-s-paradise
SetInCountry: Chile
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Chayoot Chengsupanimit
AuthorCountry: Thailand
Text: '"Hola, buenos dias! Donde esta Cerro Alegre?"


  With my limited knowledge of Spanish, exploring the south American country of Chile
  was intimidating to say the least. Fortunately, I had met a local Chilean woman.
  Petite but strong-willed, Carla''s dark brown eyes could see the magic in every
  encounter. Strangers welcomed her voice with open arms. In her presence, the world
  seemed friendly, loving, and wonderfully magical.


  With a calm smile, the cheerful man in uniform takes our map and draws out the best
  possible bus route to our next destination with his finger.


  "Muchas gracias!"


  Still confused, I follow Carla''s lead. With the help of another stranger, we scramble
  to get off a local bus while making our way down Almirante Montt, a hilly street
  with colorful and expressive buildings.


  These houses are more than just homes. They are canvases for artistic expression,
  and every building has its own story. One mural captures a glowing sunset on the
  ocean''s horizon. Another mural houses a comically cute sea creature next to a scuba
  diver with a name tag that reads "TIMO." With no strict time commitment or agenda
  for the day, we soak in the wonder around us.


  Cool, earthy-colored cobblestone streets balance the warmth of the houses in a harmonious
  coexistence of passion and tranquility. Across the narrow street, cleanly polished
  wooden tables seem to beckon us to sit down as a nearby waiter takes a man''s order.


  "Would you like to eat there?" Evidently, Carla feels the same and decides to act
  on it. At times, her foresight seems almost mystical. We walk through a doorway
  underneath a sign that reads "Cafe del Pintor" and the restaurant comes to life.


  In front of me, a stunning wall-to-wall panorama of Valparaiso''s port captures
  a moment in time in one of the most breathtaking murals I have ever seen. This painting,
  in another life, could have belonged in a museum. We sit down in awe as the waiter
  asks us what we''d like to drink.


  "Quiero un agua con gas, por favor."


  Carla asks about the wine. After a brief exchange that my inexperienced ears fail
  to pick up, the waiter briskly walks off to get our drinks.


  "Did you know about this place?" I ask Carla.


  "No, I''ve never been here! I had a good feeling about it."


  Carla''s intuition never ceases to amaze me. She perceives many things that I don''t.


  At that moment, I would have said that we were lost in an artist''s paradise. Carla
  probably sensed something different. Perhaps we were exactly where we needed to
  be.'
