Title: Guinean sunset.
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/guinean-sunset
SetInCountry: Guinea-Bissau
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: "Jorge Fornieles \xC1lvarez"
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'After my kriol language lessons, Bertrand and Lion came to take me by car to
  the mangrove''s dock. The path which leads there is sandy and winds among the tall
  grass of the dry season and through it, the children walk carrying buckets of water
  for their sunset showers, while some cows graze calmly around. Beside the river
  there was a fisherman who sewed his fishing net while the tide had already begun
  to rise slowly. The sun was setting when some women returned home carrying the harvest
  of oysters on their heads and downstream, on the horizon, appeared the first canoes
  that came back to the port with they daily catch. We observed the picture in silence,
  sitting on the edge of the dock.


  I have been always interested in local customs. Simon, my kriol language teacher,
  found out about my interest in animist culture so during the lessons he used to
  use words and sentences that describe some rites and customs of Guinea. That day
  I wanted to take advantage of our meeting to discover a bit more about the mandjak
  culture and my friends where willing to clean my doubts. But at that moment, a young
  woman appeared to greet us. I turned to greet her too but before I could say a word,
  the woman threw herself to the ground and began to roll shouting and fussing. Right
  away my friends came to help her but the woman was still convulsing, screaming and
  trying to get close to me. I remained immobile but Bertrand told me to move on a
  side, and Lion tried to calm the woman with his arms around her while the fisherman
  continued to weave the fishing net, seeming unawere of everything that was happening.
  But Lion could not hold back the woman, who managed to get away from him and leap
  on me just as Bertrand grabbed her again, so they fell to the ground together. Finally
  they managed to calm her down and Lion, who knew where Rosa lived, took her back
  home.


  Bertrand and I stood watching the sunset from the edge of the dock. A warm breeze
  began to blow from the sea dragged by the canoes which were clearly visible already.
  Behind us was the fisherman with the net on his shoulder.


  -Rosa could always see the spirits, white spirits like you -the fisherman said with
  a smile.


  We looked at each other, Bertrand had taught me to contextualize what for me occasionally
  were unlikely facts. I understood the normality with which the Guineans deal with
  issues that are taboo for other cultures, like mine was. And we came back home walking
  among the tall grass of the Guinean dry season.'
