Title: Gypsy on a Mission
DateModified: '2018-02-05'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/gypsy-on-a-mission
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: ' Shannon  Adams'
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Since I was a little girl scout,  Ive wanted to travel the world, experiencing
  EVERYTHING that it had to offer, and teach me. Money is the one limitation thats
  kept me from that goal of a lifetime.  I worked 2 fill time jobs while in college
  to save as much as possible, so I could defeat the odds, and just make it happen.
  Every year I'd worked closer to get to my goal to travel the world uninhibited.
  I got my nursing license seven years ago,  and decided to become a travel nurse
  a year, & a half ago. I've traveled around the United States, and have lived every
  moment of it. However,  I have the most incredible longing to get out of the country,  and
  truly explore... the way in which I was intended to do. There's no where I wouldn't
  go,  and nothing I wouldn't do.  I am not afraid of life, because I believe in my
  heart that everything truly happens for a reason,  and that the most meaningful
  lessons are learned about yourself,  and this GORGEOUS kingdom tat way.  I recently
  moved to the island of Maui, after taking a travel assignment in Hawaii for the
  second time.  I've had a lot of firsts here (first skydive, zip line, etc). Hawaii
  opened me up to a lot of different things, and has driven me to not give up on my
  dream to travel for the first time out of the country.  I've had my passport for
  two years now,  and haven't been able to use it. At this moment, I have no crazy
  stories of adventures through culture,  and life lessons learned on every continent
  of the Earth. With this opportunity, it will open the door on what I was meant to
  be doing, and allow me to experience a world full off firsts (adventure, food, etc.).
  Please help me to bring it to life through this experience.
