Title: Hacyon
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/hacyon
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Aditya Shenai
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Let''s do this", I said as my friends and I were contemplating about going
  to the nearby dam. It was October 2014,the holiday season of India.My friends and
  I returned home from college.We wanted to do something different that day and one
  of my friends suggested that we should go to nearby dam.But we only had 2 scooters
  and 1 motorcycle without a proper brake and headlights and all of them approximately
  had a combined horsepower of 26 and combined amount of Rs.600 from all six of us.
  None of us ever climbed a hill on our own with a motorcycle but we decided to wing
  it.Thus we started a journey to a destination just for the fun of it.Being a good
  friend of the guy who owned that bike, I rode with him. And we arrived to the destination
  that we all wanted to go but the dam was closed because of some technical failure.
  No one was interested in going back home as we all wanted to do something that day.
  Being close to Ooty,one of the popular hill stations of India,we all decided to
  go there to have some tea.Part of the reason why just tea is because half  of our
  money was spent on fuel and barring return trip fuel cost it was all we could afford.
  And we started our journey to our second destination. We didn''t have any maps and
  our phones were either dead or had low battery so we had to just go by following
  the direction board.But still  we took the wrong way instead of the common road
  that leads to our destination. There was no sight of vehicles on the road we took
  and we felt like kings of the world. Eventually we made it to top of the hill but
  we were a long way from where we wanted to go but we still wanted to go there. It
  was getting dark so  we decide to go back home without completing the trip. Our
  phones were dead so we had no form of communication.Two vehicles made a swift ride
  back home. But since the bike had no proper headlight,we had to depend on other
  vehicles'' light and we were going slowly because the bike''s brakes weren''t working
  properly. Along the way, a cop caught us for no lights or something. We got out
  by bribing him the rest of money both of us had and eventually we made it home long
  after my other friends made it back home.The destination wasn''t completed but the
  journey made it a lot sweeter. Little did I know it was the last trip I''d go with
  those guys. Those were my halcyon days the ones I''ll always cherish.The last thing
  I expect is to have one trip with pure innocence and joy with these guys.'
