Title: Happiness was so close.
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/happiness-was-so-close
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Nikolay Kishmereshkin
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: 'As the opening of the program of international adoption, the children from
  our orphanage began traveling to different parts of the world. That was a huge chance
  for every children''s home, the opportunity to get into a better life.

  A month ago I was told that a couple from Australia is ready to adopt me. There
  was no limit to my amazement that day. "Who needs a ragamuffin from Russia? Is there
  not enough there own?". Nevertheless, I was very glad that it happened. Documents
  and suitcases were collected, there was one more small thing: to buy something as
  a gift for new parents. I wanted to bring something typically Russian: "Lapti or
  balalaika - can not get it. Caviar or Kamchatka fish? But they also have an ocean.
  Maybe just Russian vodka? Yes, they are adults, they should appreciate it.".

  To say that I was worried at the meeting is to say nothing. The fear of creating
  a bad impression and not justifying the expectations of these people was so great
  that I forgot the words. My hands sweated heavily.

  On the threshold I was met by very nice people. They also worried, but in every
  possible way tried to hide it, interrupting the awkward silence with questions about
  Russia. Despite this, every minute I felt that I will be happy there and we will
  have a great bright future together. Finally I will have a family, dad, mom. Thank''s!

  However, the second pancake was a lump (Russian idiom).

  In the morning, a new mom went to work, and the new dad, having stayed with me,
  decided to try my Russian souvenir for better relations. Father overdid with drinking
  and to the return of his wife was pretty drunk. Before my eyes, turned, unfortunately,
  is a typical scene for our families. It began what I was afraid and tried to avoid
  in every possible way, a scandal began. The tension grew, they began to raise their
  voices, waving their hands more and more. I did not want evil to these people who
  gave me a chance for a second childhood, but was accused of everything. "Get out.
  Roll to Hell "- my mom''s words that still resonantly sound in my head.

  Now I go with my things through the night streets of Sydney, go there without knowing
  where. I just go, not having lived two days in a new family. Now alone, in a strange
  city, a foreign country. Again a ragamuffin. Tears welled up in my eyes. There is
  only one question in my head: "What now? What''s next?".

  I decided that, if I had a chance to stay here, then I need to use this opportunity
  and survive here. The main thing is to be strong.'
