Title: Happiness is measured in beats, not in numbers
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/happiness-is-measured-in-beats-not-in-numbers
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Enrico Dal Moro
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I''ve been a seller and since I remember I''ve only done one thing: sell something
  to someone. I reached success, money and approvation by my customers, my colleagues
  and by my boss, but I was unhappy, I felt unsatisfied deep inside me. That''s why
  I did a lot of mistake, I menaged bad my business, I have accumulated  many debts
  and at the end I crashed. At the age of 42, I had failed. I spent several month
  to think about my failure, but a strange desire was beginnning to dawn within me.
  I wanted to change my life, totally. So I decided to left everything: my job, my
  house, my car and my city too. To go where? To do what? I thought about what to
  do without being able to find a solution, but in a couple of week my life changed
  totally. I spoke with a friend that work every year in Sardinia, a large Italian
  island with white beaches and crystal clear waters. Half an hour later I was reserving
  a one way ticket to go there without knowing how long my trip would last, but I
  knew I had to go there, I had to try. So 6 days later I had the possibility to work
  on a private yacht for few days. I was not an experienced sailor but I wanted to
  follow my instincts. It has been amazing. I saw a lot of places and amazing beaches
  but one day we went in a place called Porto della Madonna, a place where there are
  many different shades of blue water, it looks like a swimming pool and in my opinion
  this is the Paradise on earth. I was sitting in the stern with my feet immersed
  in the water, looking at the Mediterranean scrub in front of me, listening to the
  sound of the wind that was passing through it. The sun above my head seemed to have
  turned the spotlight on the most beautiful spectacle I had ever witnessed, I felt
  free like never before, I discovered the meaning of the word ataraxy, the perfect
  peace of the soul. In the following weeks I experienced unforgettable moments like
  when we were escorted by a group of dolphins off the port of Arbatax, or when I
  witnessed the spectacle of a flock of 100 falcons swooping from a rock face just
  in front of our boat. Every night, before falling asleep, I heard the sound of wild
  boars in the hills behind my house, it was scary but at the same time adventurous.
  Last day we left the harbour at dawn, after a few minutes we had the bow facing
  the sun and that was the greatest emotion of my life. It''s hard to describe when
  you find yourself and maybe it''s wrong to do it, but that was my moment. Happiness
  is measured in beats, not in numbers.'
