Title: He&#39;ll Never Win
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/he-ll-never-win
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Haydn Griffith-Jones
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: It's 2016 and five months before I had been standing in a field at Glastonbury
  as the Brexit vote news shattered the hearts of the early morning ravers. The festival
  dream world broken by Brexit disbelief. In the run up to the event, we were assured
  that this result could never happen, that the British people were not blind enough
  to fall for the phony promises and fear mongering. And yet, as the cold morning
  air warmed with the rising sun, tomorrow had arrived, and with it, Brexit. My time
  in New York had been narrated with conversations and comparisons about our Brexit
  vote and the coming US election. In no possible way could New Yorkers see a Trump
  victory. Not any of the New Yorkers in the Brooklyn bars or cafe's that I spoke
  to. But in a cigar and whisky bar in Upper East Side I found a different story.
  A girl done good from Tennessee spoke about a different side of America. "How can
  a woman lead a country?" she asked, "If you had grown up in the world I did, you
  just can't believe that she can. Trump is a successful business man. He's what this
  country needs." As other drinkers in the bar pulled on their cigars and wooped at
  Trump's performances in the debates, I wondered if the Williamsburg socialites were
  about to get their Glastonbury moment. There were hints that people could feel it
  was not clear cut. In the week before the election I had heard of multiple declarations
  of love as though people knew the world could be coming to an end. Cut to election
  night, we sat drinking craft beer in Fort Greene as the states came in. Stunned
  we understood the result that we hadn't expected. There was not an explosion of
  anger, but instead screams from an Iranian New Yorker at a T.V. that didn't listen,
  and a quiet retreat from liberals with broken dreams. Not a female President, but
  a President that had shown he held very few of the values New York saw as important.
  The next day there were tears in shops, bars that had seemed open and friendly before
  became cold to outsiders. But something flickered in New York that hadn't in Britain.
  In Britain blame was thrown round out of context and not always fair. In New York
  a resistance began to rise. He may be our President but he does not share our views.
  When an individual from a minority stood up in bars to proclaim their strength over
  this adversity, they were cheered. Candle lit vigils raised a light for love. New
  York would not accept the impact of this result, it would battle it, and the city
  would persevere.
