Title: Healing from trauma
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/healing-from-trauma
SetInCountry: Sri Lanka
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Donna Childs
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Last year I traveled to Sri Lanka when leading a disaster risk financing project
  for the Asian Development Bank. Asia is the continent with the greatest losses,
  both in terms of human lives and economic impact, arising from disaster. The continent
  is at risk for the full range of hazards from earthquakes to drought. My small business
  works on enabling disaster resilience. Prior to starting it, I had been a senior
  executive of the world''s largest reinsurance company where I dealt with disasters
  around the world on a daily basis. My responsibilities included advising governments
  and businesses in respect of their risk management and operational continuity plans.
  It was my personal experience of disaster that led me to start a small business
  focused on this area. Sri Lanka was devastated by a tsunami that struck over a decade
  ago and the country suffered from a prolonged civil war. It was my first visit to
  Sri Lanka and while I worked intensely from Mondays through Fridays, I was on my
  own for the weekend, with the opportunity to explore the country.


  I was both impressed with the kindness and beauty of the people and the country''s
  natural landscape and profoundly moved by the process of healing from loss. I traveled
  to the southern part of the country where the tsunami struck and saw a memorial
  to those who had died on the commuter train. Sri Lanka''s commuter train ran along
  the coast such that when the tsunami struck, the wave overturned an entire train,
  crushing and drowning its passengers. The memorial deeply resonated with me. I was
  in the World Trade Center on the morning of 9/11 when the planes struck the towers
  and made it safely to my home in Battery Park City where I was when the towers fell,
  in part, on my apartment building. BPC was the only residential community closed
  and evacuated by civil authorities, leaving me homeless for some months. After returning
  home, I remained uncomfortable.


  The door man called me late one night as he had spotted emergency responders removing
  the PATH train (the commuter rail connecting New Jersey to New York under the Hudson
  River) cars from the WTC. Workers had placed the cars on flat bed trucks and covered
  them with netting to prevent soot from becoming airborne. The cars were removed
  at night, away from public view, to avoid upsetting people with the distressing
  mental image of commuters in a train underground as the planes struck on 9/11. It
  was a deeply felt connection as a disaster survivor.'
