Title: Heaven and hell
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/heaven-and-hell
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Jennifer  Warren
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Sitting in my white Lincoln. My gas light has been blinking at me for two days,
  I ignore it. I have more important things to worry about at the moment. My phone
  begins its sharp ring, my boyfriends picture pops up, I ignore it too, as if I'll
  have years to make up for my absence. Hours have passed and my mind remains on one
  thing. Escaping the hell of withdrawal, minutes after the arrival of my drug angel.
  Thats when life can continue. My figurative finger hovering over the play button
  of my life. I'll have time to fix this. Thats what I convince myself when standing
  in the ruins of my life. How did I get here? When did everything get so terrible?
  It happens so fast. A minor injury, a prescription then a lifelong handshake with
  a dark stranger. You don't know how deep you've dug, how far you've fallen until
  you're enveloped in its dark grips, alone and cold. My toes are inching closer to
  the edge of this cliff. Part of me still fights to survive while my brain attempts
  to snuff out my light. It's a balancing act on the edge of a razor.. I'm okay, I
  can stop anytime I want, no one can tell. The lies we tell ourselves are truly spectacular.
  No one wants to admit they're an addict. The weakness is painful and raw. We all
  want to appear strong and fearless, tackling life with grace and confidence but
  that just isn't how life works sometimes. Anyone can become a victim of this. A
  loved one passes, a break up, some great upheaval in our world exposes the rawness
  of who we are. I wanted to escape the pain.. I was tormented daily, hourly, every
  minute was a struggle. I turned to substances that were meant to take the pain away
  and they did their job well. Everything comes at a cost.. The books have to be balanced.
  I slowly lost myself. It starts with a few days missed at work. You find yourself
  unable to pull yourself out of bed in the morning. Utilities are shut off because
  you just don't have the money to take care of this monkey on your back and also
  keep the lights on. Until one day something happens. A switch in your brain clicks
  on like an old light in a broken down basement. You stare around you at the life
  you once had that is now just a ruin of broken debris and dust. You wonder how you
  became okay with this. But the beauty of drugs is fleeting, and one day you start
  to realize that the party is over. Your feet are balancing on the edge of a knife
  and you decide the nightmare needs to end.. Withdrawal and recovery seems more appealing
  than death.
