Title: Here I Come
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/here-i-come
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Anand Kishor
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Our journey started to a very famous hill station riding amidst the southern
  hills, Ooty, a place famous for many things; coffee being one of them. Not far from
  where we stay, my friend and I got a decent window to travel to this getaway as
  a recluse from our hectic city lives, courtesy to a national holiday which was very
  cleverly placed on a Friday. As always she made a detailed itinerary of our three
  day travel utilizing every last minute.


  So we packed our bags and reached Ooty by bus. Overnight journeys can be very advantageous,
  you get to sleep and get a fresh start in the morning. According to the itinerary
  we had everything perfectly situated. The hotel, although being cheap was situated
  near all the tourist spots. To get the best travel experience, we decided to embark
  on our local journey on a bike. Stopping for long luncheons and travelling every
  nook of this mountain city, we discovered marvels travelling off-track the normal
  tourist course provided by the city guides. With every bend in the road we found
  monkeys on pine trees, sunset points, hidden chocolate factories, coffee plantations,
  and old museums.


  The next day, taking the auto we covered the remaining places within an hour. Being
  one to seize the day, my friend immediately started googling and finally we landed
  to the city bus depot in search of a forest reserve with beautiful lakes and a waterfall.
  The bus came one once in two hours, but luckily we got it after waiting for half
  hour. This reserve felt like a complete package which made us more excited. But
  after a while the journey started proving to be otherwise. The roads were bumpy
  and the bus overcrowded. The road kept on being bumpier, however the crowd started
  thinning. The surroundings looked like a village with big farms, but with people
  scarce. However, we were much distracted by the road ahead of us. It was a strand
  of road, and the bus had to maneuver over it. We were unsettled but the driver was
  not. And with every bend in the road and every hike in speed we prayed for a plain
  road which was not to come.


  "We have reached sir, please get down". The words seemed like bliss and we hurriedly
  got down. And when we got down, we were amongst the most relieved people in a most
  peaceful place. Hurriedly we started towards the reserve when we were informed by
  the guards, "Sir, the reserve is closed today for maintenance".'
