Title: Hey You! Stop Right There.
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/hey-you-stop-right-there
SetInCountry: Estonia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Luis De Leon
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'My father, a loyal watcher of the evening news, seems like he rarely has anything
  positive to say. You can imagine his response when I told him I planned to tour
  Europe for the whole summer. This past year terrorist attacks in Europe were all
  over the news. From my dad''s point of view, I chose the worst possible time to
  go.


  Stop right there, dad.


  I can''t blame him for worrying as a parent. However, his pessimism already crushed
  my dream of becoming a baseball player. I wasn''t going to let him crush another
  dream. As immigrants from the Dominican Republic, my entire family always fantasized
  about the American Dream and life in New York City. My family made it to New York
  City way before I was born. Their dream came true.


  With a new generation, however, comes to a new dream. While coming to New York has
  always been my family''s dream, this is square one for my generation. All I''ve
  ever known is New York. The perspective was different from day one.


  So off I went, starting my Eurotrip in Northern Europe for the first three weeks.
  This was a strategic way to ease into my journey, as I stayed with friends I made
  in college throughout my time in Sweden and Finland. They were kind enough to host
  me, entertain me and show me around. I was lucky enough to get free ferry tickets
  from a friend on my way out of Finland. She gave me three tickets that are valid
  to hop on a ferry between Finland and Estonia. This is where the real journey begins.
  So off I go, finally on my own.


  Somehow I managed to fight the swirling winds of Helsinki on my way to the port.
  As I walk into the Viking Line terminal, I stopped right there. Over a thousand
  people waiting in this terminal and I''m the only person of color. The homogenous
  crowd wasn''t surprising, but I really was the only one. Now I must be my best self,
  as I represent all people of color on this ferry.


  This "ferry" was nothing like the ferries that run between Lower Manhattan and Staten
  Island. This was a mini-cruise ship. We''re talking full bars, restaurants, casinos,
  cabins, the whole nine yards. As I explored the whole boat, I confirmed the reality
  that I''m the only colored person on board.


  After two hours, I can see the bright Estonian coastline. I can hear the nightlife.
  A whole world of uncertainty awaits. As we disembark, I''m excited to dive into
  the nightlife I can hear faintly in the background. The customs officers waiting
  at the port had other plans.


  "Hey you! Stop right there."'
