Title: Highland Wanderer
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/highland-wanderer
SetInCountry: Great Britain
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Daniel Mackay
AuthorCountry: Great Britain
Text: 'The beautiful Loch Lomond greeted us with the looming peak of Ben Lomond, its
  top shrouded in clouds, standing like a sentinel over the gateway to the Highlands.

  A pit stop and photo opportunity at the Falls of Falloch and then onwards and upwards
  to the part of the journey I was really looking forward to, Rannoch Moor and Glen
  Coe.

  Approaching Glen Coe from the expanse of Rannoch Moor especially with the weather
  looking grey and moody really was like something out of a fairytale, the imposing
  Buachallie etive Mor on the left with the A82 disappearing into the mist of the
  Glen really did give it an other worldly feeling, and this only increased the further
  along we travelled, every twist of the road revealing more and more spectacular
  visions, harsh rock faces, gently sloping green hillsides, fern fringed streams
  and rivers, without a doubt one of the best drives of my life.

  Arriving at Glen Nevis, the rain was lashing against the windscreen as if trying
  to drive us back out the way we came and the top of virtually every peak was hidden
  by thick grey clouds, ominous to say the least.

  Upon waking we found a very damp but surprisingly clear Glen Nevis, so after a quick
  breakfast we checked our packs and set off for the Mountain track.

  After a steady start the gradient increases and the path heads up to Lochan Meall
  halfway up at 570m, from this point on the terrain gets much rockier and the path
  zig zags ever steeper toward the unseen summit.

  Every now and then the clouds would clear and you could catch a glimpse of Glen
  Nevis far below bathed in sunshine and as green as anything you could imagine, in
  fact at every turn there was some new vista to blow your mind. Suddenly I felt very
  humbled being in such a beautiful setting, and the reasons why I am doing all this
  crystallised in my mind, My Mum, The Hospice, The Challenge and ultimate goal of
  Kilimanjaro, needless to say it got very emotional a few times on that mountain.

  After the final few, what seemed like never ending zig zags were up onto the plateau,
  one last little climb with very steep drop off down the north face on our left and
  there was the summit in front of us.

  We had done it, the highest point in Scotland and Britain! We had our obligatory
  pics the top and stayed to eat lunch and grab a few quick glimpses of the CMD arete
  sloping away into the grey, and then the temperature dropped by what felt like 10
  degrees and we were hammered with hailstones, on with the waterproofs and back down
  we go.'
