Title: Hike your own Hike
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/hike-your-own-hike
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Pauline Sullivan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The last thing I expected was to come back half the person I started out as
  and wholly unable to fit back in the life from which I only meant to take a temporary
  reprieve. One early March morning of 2013 my kids and I, along with our family dog
  attempted our first thru hike of the Appalachian Trail. We would only make 100 miles
  that year experiencing some of the coldest spring weather Georgia had to offer,
  solely tempered with the warm welcome of the people. The day we left was the same
  day the little town of Franklin evacuated all hikers out of the mountains due to
  the freezing rain and foot of predicted snow. I had no intention of ever returning
  to such raw hell again nor could I fathom why I thought hiking in the spring would
  be fun. Then 2014 happened, and we found ourselves at the top of Springer Mtn.,
  Ga. ready to tackle a new thru hike. That year was warm enough to make friends,
  and we quickly accrued a small band of fellow people that kept our pace. One night
  as we walked into camp my son showed me a painful lump on his eyelid. I thought
  he had a possible boil where a small stick had punctured earlier that year. I placed
  a warm bandanna over it and maintained this routine every night. Later as we walked
  into a beautiful shelter known for it's historic red barn I met an older gentleman.
  We struck up a conversation and as he learned of my story he became very inspired
  by what I was doing for my children. He insisted on leaving some food for us at
  the next road crossing and promised we would find it when we got there. It is not
  unusual for such gestures of support in the hiking community and I found his enthusiasm
  endearing. The following day my son's eye took a turn for the worse. We rushed as
  fast as we could to the next road where a bed and breakfast was not far from the
  trail. The nice man had paid for us to stay a night in the B&B. The next day it
  was discovered that a small splinter was lodged under my son's eye socket and scar
  tissue was growing around it requiring surgery to remove both. Our surgeon assured
  us we would be back to hiking in 3-4 days post op. That evening when we returned
  to our inn I discovered the full extent of human kindness. Our group of hikers that
  we befriended had caught up and stayed with us until we could continue up the trail.
  The older man discovered our situation and insisted on covering our hotel costs.
  I couldn't prepare for the life changing experiences found in human kindness given
  in our most needed moments.
