Title: Himalayan taste in Dhauladhar range
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/himalayan-taste-in-dhauladhar-range
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: koustav biswas
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I love travelling a lot.I am Chemical Engineer by profession and work in a monotonous
  9 to 5 job in India. But my love for travel takes me 2 to 3 places every year around
  India. I love Photography also. My instagram ( @klickophilic) account carries my
  photographic ventures. I basically explore places India using Public transport as
  much as possible. It has few benefits i.e. its cheap, its safe in unknown place
  and the major one is...it gives me the immense opportunity to mingle with local
  people. Without the help of Google Map I can stroll around places with ease by taking
  their valuable advice. In Jan-2017 I went to Gokarna, a pristine Arabian Sea beach
  town with lot of temples and Secluded virgin beaches like Half moon, Paradise, OM
  beach and Kudle beach. I enjoyed being in a local resident house, having Karnataka
  regional food was best treat. Even the language barrier was there, but those friendly
  welcoming people made us feel like home. Hiking with local and spending time with
  them gave me great idea about their life. It was an enriching event indeed. During
  Oct-2017 I went to a secluded village near Dharmasala in Himachal Pradesh named
  kareri. I stayed in Forest rest house maintained by the state government. Having
  hot boiled rice and thick pulses in dinner were an romantic story to unfold. We
  explored the less explored places near Dharmasala, Dalhousie and Khajjair during
  that period. We stayed in Forest bungalows with very basic mean of living according
  to our city life. People of Himachal Pradesh was most helpful, kind and very welcoming.
  Whenever I asked for only a place, they said other options to visit near the area
  I am interested in. Maximum time I travel solo. It gives me a tough test of evaluating
  my capabilities .
