Title: Hola, duende!
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/hola-duende
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kateryna Gladka
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: 'When you come to Granada - the city of an incredible cultural cocktail, unique
  architecture and  homeland of flamenco, you want to go deep into real local life
  as much as possible, but a lot of things created "for tourists". Sometimes it looks
  like waxwork. Granada was interesting for me as a living organism, like an authentic
  one. I settled in a fantastic Spanish family in a large house, part of it  they
  were renting. They had a fountain inside the house, a lot of Arabic things, old
  pictures and other things. It was a house like museum.  We talked a lot about the
  feeling of freedom, how to accept different cultures and appreciate spontaneity.
  I felt what does it mean no boarders in practical way.  We are humans!


  After few days I asked where I can see the true flamenco. The housewife advised
  me super local place  She said that I will understand what does it mean "duende"
  spirit. Locals believe in special energy, spirit-- "duende". Without this special
  way of deepening, openness, flamenco is impossible. The "Andalusian Dog"  was located
  in a genuine cave where once the Gypsies lived. A cozy, small place, returned in
  times when the flamenco was spontaneous. Local people really loved this place, and
  among the tourists were only Irishmen, who also found this place for some advice.  It
  was fantastic show with all colors of love, tragedy, history of that region, death
  and life.I learned that Salvador Dali also loved this place, which is why it was
  called-- "Andalusian dog". After that evening, I felt what flamenco was, what was
  the pain and joy of the Spanish, Gypsy, Jewish peoples gathered together. It was
  a feeling under the skin. All this became possible, because I opened my heart to
  people who loved their culture and were ready to share, let me in their world. From
  that time , communication with locals has become an important factor in my trips.'
