Title: Home is where the heart remains...
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/home-is-where-the-heart-remains
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Jackie Alecho
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'I was struck with depression, I needed a moment where depression would be underneath
  me, instead of clouding my everyday and night, even when I sleep. I depressed deeper
  and deeper into this non existent hole that trembled through my muscles keeping
  me paralysed in this moment, suffocating while breathing. I have a great fear of
  falling from height. So the skydive was at the back of my mind from the moment i
  booked it, until the moment i got on the plane, and it started climbing up to 14,000
  feet! It was insane. As the tandem person pushes his weight forwards off the plane,
  with me in front of him. My heart flew from my body and i''m sure reached the ground,
  before i could even collect my thoughts. I felt the adrenaline pulsate through my
  every fibre. Then a second after that, the wind hit me at 120 miles per hour, times
  two, as i''m descending at 120 mph, the camera man screams, smileeeee! The person
  behind me screams smile smile. But the wind was so intense that my lips where being
  blown to the back of my head! Everything inside me including my saliva dried. All
  the poses i planned to do didn''t transfer over into the air. The wind wouldn''t
  allow for my fingers to open, when I tried, it blew my little finger so far back
  I thought I had lost it, I had to clench it into a fist. Just as i thought it''s
  over, the parachute deploys lifting us up again at a speed. After getting used to
  the fact that i don''t have a heart anymore, because I lost it when we left the
  plane. It returns  back to my chest for an even greater attack to my heart. Then
  my ear drums burst. And then the guy behind me told me to control the parachute,
  but i couldn''t hear a thing. And the wind is too strong, all while struggling to
  control the parachute, i remember thinking today is the day we will both die. The
  whole descend is around 1 minute. But in that minute there was no depression, no
  anxiety. Just me, the person behind me, and the view of the edge of earth that surrounded
  me. I was dancing through the winds at the edge of the earth, just north of greece.
  That one minute felt like a never ended forever. I felt my eyes tear, but not of
  happiness or sadness. Just of to much wind. Feeling no emotion but Placidity, was
  exactly what I was seeking, depression isn''t just behind me, It wasnt with me!

  Will Smith said ''''All of the best things in life are at the other side of your
  maximum fear.'''''
