Title: How some broken rules can liberate you
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/how-some-broken-rules-can-liberate-you
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Pavitra Nanthan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I chose Karnataka as my travel destination out of whim. Madhe is not the most
  accessible place and it was advised not to travel alone into the woods, as there
  were high chances of getting lost or worse being found and not by humans. Now, I
  am a fairly non-rebellious person. But after spending a week amidst nature, I felt
  oddly connected to my instincts. The forest began from the outer perimeters of the
  farm we had recently de-weeded. Setting out, the woods felt friendly and oddly familiar.
  I had no idea how to get to the falls, so I decided to follow the sounds.  I heard
  the faint sound of water flowing. Rushing water has this remarkable ability of making
  its presence felt, making its urgency known to everyone. How magnified the sounds
  feel in the jungle! I could hear the Malabar Thrush singing and the Cicadas chirping.
  As I implored deeper, collecting as many dried leaves as I could, walking through
  unkempt paths, tripping and panting I tried to keep all my senses focused on just
  the sound of water. Finally I heard it, clear and loud. There it was, the surreal
  falls in a surreal setting. Dipping in was all that was left to do. The water was
  cold against my feet, I waddled trying to find the sweet spot to laze around in.
  On reaching midway I wondered what it would be like to feel the water on me without
  my clothes. Nudity was not within my comfort zone, coming from a conservative society
  and with severe body issues. But taking my clothes off felt natural, so I carefully
  tucked them behind a rock. I entered the water again, the cold flow interacted with
  my body differently now, nibbling and tickling at places that had never felt so
  liberated. Naked me was now completely submerged underwater. I paddled through to
  a rock that looked worthy of resting on. Submerging out, I felt the sunshine hit
  my bare chest making me realise how that had never happened before. The mad rush
  of empowerment I felt at that moment was incomparable, sitting butt naked in water
  surrounded by mountains all around and sunshine trickling in through the trees.
  But there was also fear, of being caught and of the unknown noises emerging from
  the surrounding. The injected rush of adrenaline that pumped through as a combination
  of all this made the experience crazier. I knew the sun would set soon, and that
  I had to leave this moment behind, store it in my head as a picture only for my
  eyes. So for a minute I abandoned all my fears, and allowed myself to flow like
  the water for a while.
