Title: How I Learned To Appreciate Travelling
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/how-i-learned-to-appreciate-travelling
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Aiyana Dolan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Recently, in 2017, I had been kicked out of my mother's house. Freshly 18 years
  old and I was already getting the boot, as not all of us have the same luxury of
  parents taking care of us forever. So, I decided to join this program called Job
  Corps, and moved off the beautiful island I've lived on my whole life, for a "college
  type" experience. I live on Cape Cod, so when I moved to Grafton, Massachusetts,
  it was easy to see the transfer was a little difficult. I had never been off my
  luxurious island for more than a week at a time with family, and this time, I was
  on my own for a few months. The people were so different from me, which I thought
  to be so strange considering I had only moved 2 hours away from home. But being
  there, I got to see the world so differently. It's true when people tell you the
  world is a book, if you stay on one page you're missing the fun. That's exactly
  what I was, stuck on one page, never leaving Cape Cod and believing the world was
  the same outside of my spoiled island and its people. Living just a few hours away,
  gave me insight to the world that will forever have changed the way I think.  Worcester,
  was where I saw the worst things, and the best people.  I made real connections
  with people out there, that because of who they are at heart, I could never forget
  them. I saw people struggling to eat, I saw people struggling to live, walking down
  the main city streets with needles in their arms, carelessly passing by the children
  of our future. But because of how young I am (19), I am part of the children of
  the future, which is many of the friends I had made there. The people there were
  much more conscious, much more helpful, and not at all selfish.  I basically experienced
  meeting a whole new group of people, because when a whole city is plagued with poverty,
  they seem to come together in a way that is stronger than an army. There are things
  going on there that no child, or teenager, or adult for that matter, should see.
  Because of my sheltered childhood, I never knew the extent of gun violence, drug
  abuse, and robbery that runs amuck in the streets, but the youth, they see it, and
  they know they don't want to be it. Which is what I think I found so beautiful about
  the people there. They are so heartbroken, from the things they've seen and experienced,
  yet so determined to make sure they, and they're children never have to go through
  it. The people are strong. That, was worth living there for a few months for me.
