Title: How I Blindly Signed up for Yoga and Hiking in Nepal
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/how-i-blindly-signed-up-for-yoga-and-hiking-in-nepal
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Aleksandra Slijepcevic
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'As most of us, I''ve dreamed of traveling the world. I''m not one for fancy
  resorts or fine dining. I feel most alive and deeply rooted to this world that I
  call home when I am out in nature, putting one foot in front of the other to some
  of the most gorgeous views in existence. Nepal became a place of obsession for me
  when I first saw pictures from my friend''s Annapurna trek. This country had everything
  I wanted: mountain ranges for days, blue open sky above that looked healthier than
  any speck of it here in Philadelphia, and adventure that stretched miles out of
  my comfort zone. It was a country I wanted to visit more than any other. I wanted
  to fly out to some random place and uncover beauty there that you don''t always
  see sprawled out in the centerfold of travel magazines. I wanted adventure that
  would scare the normal and mundane right out of my complacent skin. As divine intervention
  would have it, I stumbled upon a sponsored ad on Facebook one day. The trip was
  called "Transformation Trek," and it would guide us through a challenging hike in
  the Himalayan mountains, along with yoga and meditation every day. I was a long-time
  yoga student and teacher, and I was sold. I put my deposit down that day, and started
  circling days on the calendar left until October. Fast forward to departure and
  a long flight from New York City to Kathmandu, and I was where I wanted to be: in
  some random place, thousands of miles away from comfort and any sight of Starbucks.
  I met up with a group of people who were to be my roommates, yogis, and hiking buddies
  for the next two weeks, and who already knew each other. I was the only one who,
  in their words, was "balsy" enough to sign up for a trip based solely on a Facebook
  ad. Turns out, my wobbly courage to do that granted me the chance to manifest my
  travel dream, and build some of my most cherished friendships. The next two weeks
  proved to be some of the hardest and most fullfiling days I could have imagined.
  I hiked five to six hours per day, inhaling and exhaling the thinning air as we
  ascended to Tengboche, a monastery at well over 13,000 feet. Acclimatization headaches
  came and went, as did my energy. I was often the last hiker in our thread of people,
  winding my way up and down to tea house four and five and six for the night. I often
  recited mantras in my head to keep me from giving up the walk. I lost 15 pounds
  that month, but gained the biggest gift: final view of Everest, her summit peeking
  through the clouds.'
