Title: How to Survive in Oslo for 100 USD
DateModified: '2018-01-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/how-to-survive-in-oslo-for-100-usd
SetInCountry: Norway
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Natasha Kabir
AuthorCountry: Bangladesh
Text: 2013 was the year which has truly taught me lot many things in my life. I was
  a participant at the ISS (International Summer School) in Oslo having the scholarship.
  It started with the flight delay in Istanbul and I spent 50 USD to visit the city
  which I do love most. Next day I arrived in Oslo and everything was fine till I
  was standing in a line to receive money for the local expenses and discovered that
  I did not apply for that part in the scholarship form and my days of survival started
  from that day. I had only 100 USD and stayed in the hostel most of the time for
  the whole 48 days, took risk once or twice to traveling by train without train as
  fortunately my rest of the expenses were covered under the scholarship but the spirit
  of traveling the Nordic countries could not stop me there. One of the non-resident
  Bangladeshi came forward to help me who has been living in Sweden for such a long
  time and he helped me to make it possible while visiting both the Sweden and Denmark
  and I enjoyed at the fullest. I was amazed by the support of another Bangladeshi
  who cooked for me as it was Ramadan and I was fasting for almost the whole 1 month.
  I borrowed money from that Bangladeshi guy and later I paid him back through his
  relative once I returned to the country. But during those days food could not be
  the factor as I was fasting for more than 10 hours due to the Nordic solstice and
  breaking your fast after the sunset and whether to maintain the Mecca time that
  became a dilemma. I accepted the fact sometime you could manage lot many things
  especially as a woman and due to your gynecological issue and that is what I did.
  I enjoyed Gothenburg and Copenhagen. I remember that Bangladeshi guy who came to
  visit me in my campus and helped me to buy ticket to visit him as well as on the
  way of my return to the campus. I remembered how did I survive at the Gothenburg
  station while I was trying to save money for accommodation but all on a sudden the
  police came and said not to stay inside the station.
