Title: I am a traveler that want to learn.
DateModified: '2018-02-12'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-am-a-traveler-that-want-to-learn
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Rose Lotfi
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I was born in Brooklyn New York 1990. I then moved to the Dominican Republic
  and live in Santo Domingo until I was old enough to go to kindergarten. Me and my
  mom ended up moving in the United States again. Out of all places Omaha Nebraska
  because my grandfather on my biological father's side kindly took us in. I was able
  to learn about the country life and how to grow different plants and foods. We moved
  went to Minnesota because my mom was going to get married. Minnesota was very cold
  but beautiful, in the months I could see the northern lights I would climb a latter
  and take a book staring at the sky all night. It was a different experience then
  I had ever had and it was very enjoyable. It was so nice to meet different people
  and learn there customs and mannerisms. I moved to some other states and got to
  learn different cultures and different ways of doing things. I then went back to
  the Dominican Republic I grew more in love with the country and Heritage/knowledge
  that they had to offer. I went to school there and had to learn Spanish French and
  had English classes. It was amazing to me how diverse the Learning System is over
  there. It's not just about the small island and about Haiti that is attached to
  them it was worldwide more history than I had ever been taught in the United States
  about all over the world. I learned how to live more simple than my already Simple
  Life was. I then moved to Miami which was much different and almost a culture shock
  to me. I was surprised how wasteful people were and how privileged people are with
  out even knowing it most things are taken for granted. I'm now in Colorado which
  is an amazing state to be in it is beautiful full of Nature and life. I can hike
  daily which is great exercise and feel like I can breathe clean and healthy air.
  I would love to travel more places especially outside of the United States and learn
  more things that I don't know about. I would like to learn different medicines and
  herbs that I can use to help with different ailments. Also I would like to travel
  so that I can learn more about different people and different cultures. I feel like
  all cultures have something to teach everyone. I believe that Argentina would be
  a great place to explore and learn new things. I have always wanted to visit there
  because of the art, the beauty of nature, and people. And I'm sure if I don't win
  this scholarship I will find a way to still travel and meet different people learning
  different stories that each person holds.
