Title: I believe Life is an Adventure
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-believe-life-is-an-adventure
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Inez Aires
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: 'I believe life is an adventure, a personal journey without maps or compasses,
  with many scraped leaves appearing in my garden and pieces along my way. Immortality,
  reincarnation and life after death are of constant interest, questions without certain
  answers that lead to endless discussions and take my mind to a hopeful future. (...)

  I worship truth and courage even though I''ve lied and been afraid more than once.
  (...)

  And then the personal battle: "am I in good terms with myself?" Sometimes I still
  feel ashamed, I could be doing more... yes of course, always. I try to "negotiate"
  with my shadow, make peace with it, do my best to avoid moral shortcuts and live
  above my daemons. (...)

  I ferociously oppose any assault to my honor, integrity or personal space. Disobedience
  is a predominant part of my character. A price that must be paid and for it I''ve
  "bankrupted" several times. (...)

  My nature is rooted in solitude. Silence is "the best sound on Earth", it echoes
  the Universe and is so rare in our chaotic and noisy world. (...)

  As an Engineer I recognize that many achievements were made through science and
  technology but conscience and compassion are just not there. Science is kind of
  neutral on spirituality, ethics and morality. Lately one starts to observe that
  some scientists are trying to make the link between science and spirituality and
  that''s honorable, gratifying and makes me happy. (...)

  There is no church created by man that can stand between me and the Cosmic Master,
  God, who makes the Earth go around, the stars shine and guides our destinies. Although
  I had many mentors, dead and alive, and even though all are important, the most
  crucial where not the famous out of books but the ones that confronted, challenged,
  stripped and created disturbance in my belief system, inquiring my actions and reactions
  and consequently shaken my life. For whom I vow and am deeply grateful. (...)

  I love to dive in the ocean go very deep. In the deepness of the water I can hear
  the silence, feel zero gravity and explore the darkness. It''s probably the closest
  experience to be in space, in the universe. (...)

  I love music and dancing to its rhythms is one of the best ways of communicating
  with oneself, others and entering the flow of the magical spheres that play the
  songs of Life. (...)

  (incomplete.. to be continued)'
