Title: I didn&#39;t know why I was going, until I got there
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-didn-t-know-why-i-was-going-until-i-got-there
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Zenia Dabreo
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'In his own sweet way, he tried surprising me by planning a trip on our second
  anniversary. I was picturing myself on a beach somewhere or in a quaint holiday
  home, relaxing my gut out. All this faded when I heard him describe the trip. A
  trek! I had never heard the mountains calling nor I intended to go.


  The arduous task of saying no loomed in front of me. But I pacified myself with,
  ''you will be fine, you will face the phobia.'' And so, I pulled out my dusty sports
  shoes, put on my best enthusiastic face, and dragged myself to our location on a
  super-rainy day!


  We were a bunch of eight, seven of them were in high spirits. I was still doubting
  my decision. After walking for almost two hours, (what seemed like twenty to me)
  we had only reached the foot of the actual climb.


  I was exhausted. The acrophobic in me begged me to head back. But it was too late.
  My heart had taken over my mind and I was climbing upwards, hand in hand with him.
  With each flight, my heart was racing faster, my legs slower and my breath negligible.
  Feeling my struggle, he offered to wait back with me till others returned. I mouthed
  no when I wanted to say, yes, please.


  Battling the rain, winds & gushing waters, we managed to reach the top. Out of breath,
  my eyes searched for the flag that''s placed on the summit. I was told, that the
  summit is a good 1-hour trek ahead. I thought it must be a joke. Giving up, I sat
  back, angry and betrayed. Just then, one of our groupies summoned me to join them
  for a selfie at an elevated clifftop nearby. I lifted myself with mere determination
  to hold that pic as proof of torture.


  When I reached the clifftop, I saw a sea of fog. It was like the movies, only, this
  was real. The rain was hitting my face hard now, the extreme wind could blow one
  away. And oh it blew me away and how! Almost literally and most definitely figuratively.
  It had healed me, taking away my breathlessness and gifting me a strong urge to
  reach that summit.


  While I lingered behind the entourage all this time, I was now leading them through
  the thick white blanket of fog. The transformation was evident to all. Rejuvenated
  with some kind of magical powers, I made it to the summit with my group in tow.
  I had emerged; from my fears, my inhibitions and my laziness. Nature made me feel
  and believe in the most novel, humble way. Guess that''s what happens when you decide
  to push yourself to the edge!


  "I didn''t know why I was going; until I got there!"'
