Title: I expected
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-expected
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: "Jos\xE9 Nascimento"
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'The last thing I expected was to reach the last period under these conditions,
  do not get me wrong, I''m fine, just not as well as I expected. I''ve seen a lot
  of things in this world, walked the China wall and was seen as a celebrity because
  of my western traits, I visited castles in Ireland and I imagined what it would
  be like to live in one of them, I suffered in Krakow remembering the bad things
  that happened with other human being because of fanaticism.

  I saw Disney in all its splendor, I was a child again, thinking that everything
  is a fairy tale; I sat on the couch of the best group of friends that could exist
  while speaking loudly OH my GOD; I walked the streets of New York while all the
  music and scenes from my favorite movies passed through my head. I rushed to enjoy
  the black Friday and made sure to get all the promotions. Still in North America,
  I moved into New Orleans and asked a witch to read my luck while taking the worst
  coffee with the best view of the French Quarter remembered of vampires who used
  to live there.

  As the young man I am went to tomorrowland and I had an experience that until today
  I can not explain except with a UAHU. I believe I have seen the most beautiful beaches
  in the world in Malta, shades of blue I did not even know existed.

  I skated in the snow, or rather, I tried as I spent the biggest winter I ever imagined
  to go, there is no rain here in Pernambuco that makes me put a coat; The Garanhuns
  winter festival, though a lot of fun, does not make my little finger tremble after
  what I''ve spent in Canada.

  I swam with dolphins and almost drowned myself from a boat in New Zealand and tried
  a type of beans that was the most delicious I''ve ever eaten, I just missed the
  opportunity to practice radical things, unfortunately my exchange contract prohibited
  me.

  The last thing I expected was that these stories were not mine, which they are not.
  These are stories of loves and friends who went to wonderful places and returned
  with even more wonderful stories, making my desire to create my own memories grow
  even more and become a hundred times greater than I. Every souvenir I was given,
  the Hashi, the cups, the necklaces and the coins make me want to take the first
  plane to each of these places. You may wonder if it is envy what I feel, I answer
  you, no, it is not, it is an accomplishment by other eyes, it is a fantastic synopsis
  of a book that is still going to be written and will certainly be legendary.'
