Title: I Fell For A Laugh
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-fell-for-a-laugh
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Syed Asad Ali Naqvi
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'It was about end of last summer when I decided to visit Romania & being an
  aquaphile I decided to go to Vama Veche a village on the Black Sea coast.I flew
  with Lufthansa from Frankfurt airport to Bucharest airport & then to Vama Veche
  by road.I was really tired so, just went to a hotel,and luckily didn''t have to
  struggle more to find a room as I found it at my very first attempt.I took bath
  & laid on bed to sleep with plans to visit the beach next day early in the morning.Around
  5 am the alarm rang & I woke up with full enthusiasm & energy to explore the village
  & the beach.While I was walking across the village I came to know that the trend
  here in the village is to boycott the hotels and to camp on the beach side to reinstate
  the previous form of the place.Well at that moment I had no clue what should I do,I
  walked towards the beach it was around 7.45 am in the morning there weren''t so
  many people at the beach.I sat in the water and closed my eyes for couple of minutes,I
  opened my eyes when a football hit me & just after that I heard a laugh it was stupid
  & funny that how can someone laugh when someone got a hit,but I forgot my initial
  thoughts when I saw who laughed at me she was sitting few feet beside me.With light
  brown hairs & eyes & a pretty fair skin complexion she looked like a mermaid with
  feet enjoying sun bath.When she noticed that I actually noticed her,she stopped
  laughing but I didn''t waste any time & said hello!

  She: Hey

  Me:I am Ali and You?

  She: I am Roxana

  A:Are you a travelling like me or else you live here?

  R: No no I live here.

  A: Btw I like your name back in Germany I have a friend her name is Oxsana but she
  is from Russia.

  R: Ahan! so you are from Germany?

  A: No, I am studying there and like to travel and love nature.

  R: So where are you from?

  A: Well my father is from India and Mother from Pakistan so I am a nice combo ;)

  R: Laughed again and continued to laugh for a minute.(And I was staring her with
  some unknown feelings)

  R:Are you living in a camp?

  A: No, in a hotel.But i am thinking to move out and will try camping here.

  R:May be I can help you?

  A:Well it will be my pleasure. So nice of you.

  I took my stuff and cleared the dues at the hotel & came back to beach side with
  her.She helped me in camping there we had fun all the day long.We had dinner,which
  was delicious & her laughter was mesmerizing.I had no clue when I fell in love with
  her or with her laugh.We danced on a very romantic song & had a lovely night together.'
