Title: 'I  found love '
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-found-love
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Norkim Lepcha
AuthorCountry: India
Text: My life was boring and simple work and home and no love life. I am in my early
  30's , from a small town, haven't traveled much and no adventure. Living a life
  that is not creating wonderful memories. I was craving for love in my life, just
  had one serious long relationship in past which when didn't work out had hit me
  hard. I was so broken and hurt it was a dark phase of my life. It has been years
  since that happened however, have not been in love since then. When my friends told
  me about trekking trip to Mustang, Nepal " I was like hell yeah I want to" first
  ever trekking trip of my life. With bit of research I came to know Mustang is a
  dry land and June - July is the best time for trekking. However, no one in my family
  approved it as it was rainy season and to reach the place itself was a challenge.
  I had 10 reasons to say "no" however, I said "yes" and off I went. My first trekking
  trip to a place I heard for the first time. It was a girls trip all four of us all
  single and desperate. It was not an easy trip thought, our flight got cancelled
  cause of bad weather had to take bus. Roads were damage from rain, landslides everywhere,
  took us many hours extra, night halt in strange town, change of vehicles, walking
  in between and crossing shaky bridges was scariest of all. Which made me think why
  I was punishing myself by coming to this trip, all I wanted was to go back reach
  home safely. I felt I would die in this trip, saw death so near, thought I would
  not return back alive. Though I am a Mountain girl altitude there gave me breathing
  problem and I could not walk much as we had planned we would. It was 10 days trip
  and out of that we just trekked for one day rest of the days we traveled by local
  transport to higher up places in Upper Mustang- Forbidden kingdom. The trip where
  I was not enjoying but suffering and I was praying the whole time of reaching Pokhara
  safely. I hated myself for coming to the trip. The mountains and view was one thing
  I never regretted, it was mesmerizing and too good to be real. Something I never
  saw in my life beautifully colored mountains, landscape was amazing especially for
  a person like me who has not traveled much.  When I came back I was a different
  person more wiser, more calmer and more happier. I found love in travelling. I would
  love to continue travelling as long as I can. I want to go offbeat places and to
  furthest of places. I would never want to let go of love that I found and continue
  exploring and learning more.
