Title: I left my heart in South Sudan Africa
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-left-my-heart-in-south-sudan-africa
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Becky Piacente
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Being a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America has allowed me to travel
  to many places around the world.  One of these places was South Sudan Africa.  One
  needs to know that South Sudan was a worn torn country for 30 years resulting in
  a peace treaty with the North and South.  I was lucky enough to find a position
  where I would travel there to run a camp.  This camp was a 5 acre parcel of land
  next to an air strip housing 250 tents on the ground which housed Western staff
  of various NGOs who were there to help in the rebuilding process of the country.


  Upon my arrival, I decided that my approach to my position would be my becoming
  one of the staff.  Due to my management style of "lead by example," I felt that
  the only way to be successful and effective, was to start off with understanding
  each department and each member of the department''s position.  Weather  it meant
  I went to the air strip to receive a plane and the cargo, or cleaning a client''s
  tent, walking the grounds to visit the security team or working with the staff who
  did the laundry,  it was my way of showing my new staff that I was there to learn
  by their teaching while in turn I would find what i needed to accomplish to make
  their jobs easier.


  It was a 1.5 years that I was there in Rumbek South  Sudan enjoying everything that
  there was to offer about being in such an amazing area of the planet.  The  simplicity
  of life that I finally came to totally appreciate as well as becoming the "mamma"  of
  my staff, was an experience that has always stayed with me.  There isn''t a day
  that goes by when I am not taken back to some situation or memory that comes to
  the forefront of my thoughts, resulting in a smile on my face or a tear in my eye.  It
  is the staff who I loved and loved me in return like a family that we all became.  The
  level of trust and integrity was never challenged by either myself or my staff.  I
  had expectations and I knew that I had to live up to theirs of me as well.  I had
  to live up to the title of "mamma" which is not only a title of endearment but a
  title that resonates a very strong relationship of being able to have their best
  interest always ahead of my own.  I would meet them each and every morning at the
  gate when they would report to their daily job.   I would learn limited phrases
  in their language so I could greet them.  I would walk around the camp in the morning
  and do a dance with them which would put smiles on their faces.

  A joy in my heart to this day.'
