Title: I&#39;m never gonna date a Merman
DateModified: '2019-03-06'
DatePublished: '2019-03-06'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-m-never-gonna-date-a-merman
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Venus Claudine Lalaguno
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: 'Panic attacks, sharks and the great open ocean. Those are the things that come
  to mind when I think about my first diving experience. Well, my only diving experience
  to date.


  It started of as a stupendous day. The sun was shining, the birds were singing and
  I was going DIVING for the first time! It was like a childhood mermaid dream come
  true. The moment I put on that suit and shouldered the tank, I thought my heart
  was gonna go into overdrive from excitement.


  Go into overdrive it did, but not for the right reasons. I''ve always carried this
  fear of not being able to breathe ever since I was a child. It''s almost like claustrophobia,
  except it''s not, because I''m not scared of small spaces as long as I can breathe.
  So there I was, panicking and instead of trying to breathe normally, I was hyperventilating
  which is a big no-no when diving. And we were still in the pool!


  Fast forward, we did our drills and now it''s time to go to sea. I was excited,
  nervous and downright terrified, but not of the sharks or the creatures but because
  of breathing. I mean, come on, of all the things I should be scared of right now,
  it has to be breathing? Is this what people with asthma feel?


  And then there we were in a circle, ready to go down and then BAM! I sunk to the
  ocean floor and it''s like a whole new world down there. You know how you go snorkeling
  and everything is so wonderful and amazing to look at. Imagine that and multiply
  it by a hundred, and it still wouldn''t describe the wondrous feelings of awe and
  surprise of what i felt down there.


  There''s an entirely whole new society. Colorful fishes and corals and all those
  things I only saw on paintings and tv. And it was right there, in front of me. It
  was there that I realized, as I trailed my hand along the leafy greens, that I would
  have missed this if it wasn''t for that desire to make sure I don''t go home with
  regrets. And how silly it was to fear breathing because come on, breathing is instinct.


  But I probably won''t be down to date a merman anytime soon.'
