Title: I met my soulmate for life while travelling.
DateModified: '2018-02-08'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-met-my-soulmate-for-life-while-travelling-2
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Millicent Kariuki
AuthorCountry: Kenya
Text: 'I am walking on a sidewalk in Cairo, Egypt when I hear my name. I am in a foreign
  country I have never visited before so quite naturally I am stunned. I turn around
  to see a tall girl in a bright yellow dress and a brown leather bag half-walking,
  half-running towards me. "Oh my God! I can''t believe it''s you!" I exclaim while
  hugging her. The way we greeted each other you''d be forgiven to think we have known
  each other all our lives. Shami and I met almost a year ago on an airport bench
  at the Dubai International Airport. We were sitting next to each other when she
  asked me whether I had a pack of gum. And so a friendship was born. Coincidentally
  she was also a solo traveler and we were both transiting through Dubai; me heading
  back to Nairobi, Kenya where I live, and her on her way home to Cairo, Egypt.

  We spent the next eight hours on the airport bench engrossed in continuous chatter.
  Do you know that feeling when you meet someone and you connect on an emotional level?
  That was what this was. Two girls with a passion for travel from different countries,
  backgrounds, and cultures exchanging stories about the places we had been to and
  our travel experiences. It was magical. Talking to her felt like talking to another
  version of myself. We liked all of the same things and wanted to travel to all of
  the same places.

  Somehow in all the excitement, we forgot to exchange contacts as we parted ways.
  Fast forward to the present, she spots me and runs across the road to say hi. As
  with the first time, conversation flows naturally and within thirty minutes she
  offers to free up her schedule to show me around Egypt. We spend the next two weeks
  exploring Cairo, Alexandria, Giza, Luxor, and Hurghada. I got to eat local food,
  buy souvenirs at local prices and go to places only locals would know about as opposed
  to only visiting the touristic sites. I got a local''s experience of Egypt because
  I had someone who is familiar with the area to show me around. I even got to meet
  Shami''s family. This time I even had someone to take photos of me; when traveling
  alone you often have to ask strangers to take photos of you or take them yourself,
  not easy. I rank my Egypt trip as one of the best and most memorable travel experiences
  I have had and I owe it all to a stranger who asked me for a piece of gum on an
  airport bench.

  When people ask me what travel means to me, I tell them it is forming life-long
  friendships with strangers who would never have crossed your path otherwise.'
