Title: 'I met my lifelong bestfriend  '
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/i-met-my-lifelong-bestfriend-2
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Priscila Palma
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Back to when I was in Montreal, Quebec visiting my sister for spring break.
  I decided to explore the city. The history was incredible because of the mini Noethe
  Dome, and  Parliament. I went shopping with my sister. I took a city bus tour.  I
  really enjoy the history of the 17th century buildings. But the best part of that
  trip was meeting my best friend. It been 2 years since I went but the memories will
  last for a lifetime. Let me take to back to when I met Marissa.  It all started
  when I decided to go get lunch. I was walking around a shopping centre on March
  14, 2016.  That day was the best, it was 62 that day. The sun was out, hitting my
  face like the sun rays hit the earth. After looking for a place to eat I decided
  to go into Tommy Cafe. I just wanted to sit down and take my time eating I was not
  in a rush. I  walked into the cafe and I glance at a mom and her daughter sitting
  by the window sharing a brownie. I saw a few people in line in front of me, and
  a girl working away on her laptop. I got myself a sandwich and a Chai Latte. I sit
  down a table away from the girl. As I was finishing up my lunch, I decided to say
  hi to the girl, and she said "salut" I ask her if she was a local of traveling like
  me. And she told me she was a student at McGill University. Her name is Marissa.  We
  started talking, and I said her I was just visiting my sister. After that we talk
  which felt like hours.  She told me she was studying to become a counselor and I
  told her  I was doing Women leadership at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia.
  We talked about how much we have a passion for the youth of the world especially
  young girls.  We start talking about our lives. We told each other what our schools
  are like and what we plan to do in the future. We talked for two hours straight.
  After that, we got up and walk around the city. She took me to the most popular
  attractions in Montreal like the mini version of Notre-Dame . It was amazing to
  meet someone like Marissa. We talk about keeping each other accountable and helping
  each other when times get tough while we shopped. She met my sister, and we went
  to the park to run and do what any other person does with there best friend. Sadly
  I had to get back to school, but we still keep checking up on each other and visiting
  each other. It been such a blessing to have her in my life. I never thought I will
  ever have met someone like her.   I am so glad I walk in that cafe on 200 Notre-Dame
  St W. Montreal, thank you for Marissa.
