Title: If there is heaven on Earth, it is right there in&#160;Kashmir!
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/if-there-is-heaven-on-earth-it-is-right-there-in-kashmir
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Esha Jafri
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Please read my full travel story here:

  https://medium.com/@eshajafri/if-there-is-heaven-on-earth-it-is-right-there-in-kashmir-ce092aa8f924


  So on one beautiful evening we got on to this Shikara at the Dal lake in Srinagar
  and asked Aashiq to row us till Meena Bazaar. Initially I was quite excited about
  the Shikara ride and also about shopping some gorgeous Kashmiri stuff, but little
  did I know that two hour ride will shatter my heart into pieces. It all started
  when Aashiq started off telling about the real time struggles and hardships he''s
  been constantly facing since like forever, just to survive in his own land. That
  guy sleeps only for two hours a day and works for freakin "twenty two" hours at
  a continuous stretch so he could earn mere bread and fulfill some basic needs for
  his family. And no I''m not kidding, he does sleep for two hours only!


  Finally after listening to his hundreds of heart-breaking stories we reached the
  Meena Bazaar. And guess what, the situation out there was as disturbing as Aashiq''s
  tragic stories. The whole of Meena Bazaar was completely isolated. Only people we
  could see around were the shopkeepers themselves sitting inside their shops with
  almost all of their lights and fans switched off. And when our Shikaara passed by
  their shops, those kind shopkeepers waved at us calling phrases like "aap yaha aaiye"
  (please come here), "zara idhar dekhiye" (please look here), "idhar aaiye na behen"
  (come here sister), in a loud voice so they could welcome us in their shop and could
  eventually give them some business. However, they still didn''t forget to put that
  pleasing smile on their face and that sweetest Kashmiri accent. But behind those
  sweetest of smiles and kindest of gestures, I could undoubtedly notice heaps of
  disturbance in their eyes. How I wanted to step into every single shop and buy every
  single stuff possible so I could contribute to atleast some happiness/money to their
  despair!


  People (especially the media) have falsely tagged Kashmir as the "land of terrorism",
  which is why I thought I would share my views and experience here so I could depict
  the right picture of Kashmir infront of all you people out here. And yes, at the
  end I would urge each one of you to please go visit Kashmir on your next holiday
  or whenever possible so you could contribute atleast something to their economy.
  Kashmir should no longer be tagged as "the land of terrorism" anymore, it instead
  deserves to be labeled back as "the land of tourism"!'
