Title: In 10 days to the most southern point of the earth
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/in-10-days-to-the-most-southern-point-of-the-earth
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Claudia Beitsch
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: In 2010 I applied for the "Race to the Southpole" - a 400 km expedition on skiers.
  This life changing decision pushed me to the edge. I went through two qualification
  camps and won a place in this race. Now I was confronted with the south pole - probably
  the most hostile, surreal and incredible place at the end of the world. And there
  was no way back. Our expedition started in December 2010 in Cape Town with preparing
  expedition food for 25 days and packing our pulcas with all material to survive.
  At the 10th of December our flight was scheduled for 23:30 from +30 degrees Celsius
  in Cape Town to -15 degrees in Antarctia. We boarded with shorts and top, a big
  garbage bag in my hands with winter clothes and shoes to prepare during the flight
  for antarctic temperatures. 30 minutes before arrival it got busy in the old Russian
  aircraft Iljuschin. Everybody was changing his clothes and some minutes later I
  stand with my feet on white, crunchy ground - Antarctica. The coldest and driest
  place on earth - a white desert. We had some days of acclimatization at the edge
  of Antarctica and on skiers we headed forward to the antarctic plateau. At the horizon
  and for orientation we always saw the profile of Ulvetanna and Holtanna - the famous
  mountain tops of the Queen Maud Land mountains. White small birds with black button
  eyes, who live at the coast of Antarctica were our faithful companions at the first
  part of our trip. Arrived at the antarctic plateau a plane brought us right into
  the center of nowhere. I felt like a small tiny spot, like a drop in the ocean.
  There was only white around us - no black, no green. Just us, a compass and the
  coordinates of the south pole. 10 days of tent routine, torture, pure will and white
  desert were waiting. Step by step 15 hours a day we headed straight to the south
  pole. Only the white blue border of the sky and the ice in front of us. The dry
  ice and snow under our shoes were crunching with every step. Incredible and unique
  ice figures crossed our way and under our weight the crevasses made worrying noises.
  1 day before New Years Eve we reached totally exhausted but happy and with a free
  mind the south pole - when I am honest a not very spectacular place. The way to
  the south pole with its unreal landscape and the feeling are my unforgettable memories.
  10 days fight against minus 40 degrees Celsius, fear to get lost in the middle of
  nowhere and the physical strain brought me to the edge but also to the most southern
  point of the earth - a once in a lifetime experience.
