Title: In Search of John Of God
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/in-search-of-john-of-god
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Te'DeVan Kurzweil
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I like to say that my Story begins in New York but really it begins in Key West
  Florida in late November of 2003. I'm on the street of Key West and a young man
  comes up to me and he says "You must be the healer" and I'm somewhat astounded and
  taken a back by it. For a quick back story I do Qigong healing for a couple years
  at this point. I asked him how he knew and he said "Well you kind of look like me
  and people keep asking me if I'm the Healer so I figure it's you." He begins to
  tell me that he's a street magician/Illusionist and he utilizes angles, probabilities
  and human psychology. He quickly tells me about a man that he went to visit in Brazil
  for 3 days. He saw this man doing surgeries with no anesthetic and watched him from
  every angle and realized there was no possibility for sleight of hand. They call
  him John of God and despite having no medical training and not using any anesthetic
  he was able to do these surgeries with the utmost precision. He then told me he
  never stuck around to find out what happened to the people, but that certainly the
  surgeries were genuine. As he talked to me about this I could just feel this incredible
  energy all around me and I knew that I would go there. Fast forward two years later
  in Austin, Texas and I realize that this is the year that I'm going to go see John
  of God. I go down to the post office and I give them my college ID and my gym membership
  in my attempt to get a passport. The man working there looks at me like I'm crazy
  and tells me there's no way they're going to give you a passport with this. I just
  shrug my shoulders and I tell him this is all I've got. A few weeks later I get
  a phone call from my parents in NJ saying that my passport arrived in the mail.
  I then go back to the east coast and continue my regular work of freestyle rapping
  and chi-gong healing on the streets and parks. I eventually meet a young woman from
  Chernobyl, Russia named Anna (luckily she had left just a couple years before it
  went off). She has kidney failure and is not high enough up on the list to get a
  kidney transplant in time. I proceeded to do healing work with her and she notices
  improvement, but not enough and eventually tells me that she heard about someone.  I
  immediately say to her "John of God" and she goes how did you know?  I said just
  a lucky hunch and smile. She then obtains free tickets for us through her father's
  flyer miles. We shortly then embarked on a trip to a village in Brazil to have our
  minds blown up.
