Title: In search of Wild
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/in-search-of-wild
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Ritesh Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Where are we?" I asked Ajju. "Kaziranga!" he said while yawning. It took me
  a while to figure out what we were doing in the middle of a wildlife sanctuary at
  3 AM. It was the seventh day of our journey to North East of India and the lack
  of sleep throughout the trip was now showing it''s effects. The bus dropped us just
  outside the main gate on the highway. I think our calculations regarding the traveling
  time from Guwahati to Kaziranga went a little wrong. We should had reached after
  sunrise. It was mostly dark, just a single bulb outside one of the shops on the
  side street to the highway trying to light up the moment a little. The fog, the
  cold breeze and the sound of the barking street dogs from the dark were all making
  the perfect scene for a Bollywood horror movie. We tried for some place to spend
  the night safely, but there was literally no one around apart from the three of
  us, that bulb and a wooden bench outside a closed shop and of course a number of
  wild creatures that we couldn''t see in that dark. That footpath outside the shop
  was our 5 star hotel room and the bench was the huge fluffy bed for the night. Ajju
  affixed his ass to the bench with our luggage. Me and Pintoo decided to challenge
  our fear and take a walk towards the darker side of the street, away from the bulb,
  towards the sound of barking dogs. A walk of half a mile straight into the street
  and suddenly the dogs stopped barking. We heard a weird sound and that was it. We
  were on our way back almost running. I felt a relief when I saw Ajju again. I still
  wonder how we three could manage to sleep on that small bench together with our
  luggage too on it. Ajju showed me on google maps where exactly we were. The huge
  green forests of Kaziranga were scary even on a cellphone. We were discussing, while
  trying to take a nap, about the naxalites and the different tribes that could be
  living in these forests and how they could capture us and kill us without taking
  a moment.

  At about 5 in the morning, we woke up from our little nap and saw a totally different
  view of the place. It was no more scary. There were yet to open shops everywhere
  and a few people on the other side of the highway. The sun was up and there was
  no more dark.

  Reaching Kaziranga in the middle of night proved to be a totally unexpected experience.
  We were lucky to live two totally different view of the same exact place. Such things
  don''t happen by planning, they just luckily happen somehow. That''s the beauty
  of traveling.'
