Title: In the land where God resides in every particle of sand
DateModified: '2018-02-06'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/in-the-land-where-god-resides-in-every-particle-of-sand
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Minna Sunny
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I am not a traveller. I went out very rarely. I am a sort of person who love
  to be alone I don''t need people around me always. One of My greatest attachment
  is to my teacher in high school. Even at off days I used to go to her house and
  spend whole day listening to her life lessons and advices. At the beginning of summer
  my teacher met with an accident and she passed away which obviously I cannot accept.
  My only companion,the person whom I trust more than anyone is lost now I couldn''t
  accept it and I could feel that I am into depression. At that time one of my old
  friend ask me to visit her place in trivandrum (around 6 hours from my place) I
  went with half mind, after reaching there she first took me to Sri pathmanabha swami
  temple a historical place with tons of gold treasure is hidden and it''s a huge
  architectural beast. When I step through the stairs I first thing I felt was the
  secure feeling which I only felt when I am with my teacher and I remembered one
  thing she told me once. Teacher is the essence of God. Literally I felt that. Each
  moments I spent in that temple was giving me a feeling of my teacher''s warm hugs.
  When I pass through every pillers every tiles I felt her in my nerves. Finally when
  I reach before the core of the temple,place where the idol of god is placed(sreekovil)
  I see the idol and I cried because I saw my teacher,my greatest comfort my inspiration
  in there. I am not talking about some weird hallucinations this is the truth. I
  found myself I can stay in touch with my teacher whenever I want..A good teacher
  is the form of God. I am an Indian a keralite ,my culture teach me to respect teachers
  as God.. When I return from the temple I was happy and I found the best companion
  again who ain''t gonna leave me.. I forget to took get some snaps but I still ''ve
  the bliss in my mind that leading me to my destiny for past two years. The wind
  in the soil of pathmanabha the light in the air of pathmanabha the vibe that penetrating
  through my skin of pathmanabha and the strong realization of God is not just one
  person. But a piece of God is in everyone that I used to forget to findout is now
  found. Now I can see good in people.. and henceforth I decided to travel I want
  to find out what God want to talk me or teach me from the treasures he hide in people
  and places.. That is the greatest decision I ever made

  Namaste!!!'
