Title: Inadvertent Ambassadors of the Gender Gap
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/inadvertent-ambassadors-of-the-gender-gap
SetInCountry: China
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Sandy Shimooka
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I went to Beijing to learn about China''s contemporary art and art history,
  visit its historic temples and palaces, see the Forbidden City, walk the Great Wall,
  sample its assortment of rich culinary fare and teas, but what I got instead was
  a lesson in social policy that brought me more questions than answers. While it
  left me more conflicted, it also started me on a path to want to learn and understand
  more about the effects of sweeping public policies.


  What I experienced in Beijing was a collision of many different micro economies
  of seemingly different industrial eras. At rush hour, I would see entire families,
  on single bicycles, being left in the dust clouds of tricked out Hummers, Bentleys
  and Ferraris racing past them on the same road. High-tech billboard advertisements
  over ramshackle neighborhoods of coal burning huts. some of the situations I encountered
  made me wonder what was under the surface of the country that seemed like it was
  striving to advance as one of the dominant BRIC economies.


  The most heartbreaking moment on my trip was on the way back from a visit to The
  Great Wall. The tour van I was on made a cultural stop at a jade and cloisonne factory.
  I took the tour, but wasn''t interested in shopping, so I stood outside to wait
  for my group to return. While waiting, I saw three large coach buses pull up and
  as the passengers disembarked, I could hear a cocktail of Western European languages:
  German, Italian, French and British English. Everyone was arranged in pairs and
  each couple had a stroller with an Asian-faced infant dressed in a light pink onesie
  and matching beanie hat. All the strollers, baby clothes and infants seemed to match,
  as if made in the exact same factory. Suddenly, among the sea of three buses of
  people and strollers, I noticed one baby wearing a baby blue colored onesie and
  hat. It was as if someone had punched me in the stomach and knocked the air out
  of me. I realized that of three buses of probable Chinese orphans being adopted
  by European couples, there was only one boy and all the rest were female. I thought
  of all the other orphaned children that might exist there and how many of them might
  have been unwanted from birth simply because of their gender.


  We are currently facing ethnic, gender, diversity, and integration issues globally,
  but it seems more likely that having first hand experiences and approaching social
  policy with openness is a more constructive way forward than building walls to divide
  the world.'
