Title: Inside the Cu chi  tunnel
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/inside-the-cu-chi-tunnel
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Karthik Villalan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Later filling petrol in the gas station nearby, turned on my gps to guide us
  to Cu chi tunnel, one of the world famous tunnel of Vietnam-US war. It was hot and
  notorious traffic all over the city as saigon is famous for, an hour later, took
  the highway from the city but still bike parade continues. Friend of mine asked
  me wether i want  to switch back so he can help me, But I said I don''t want that
  to happen again, what??? ( Backstory: my friend was handling situation with cop
  few meters away for his violation, he approched me said cop demanding bribe of 1million
  vdn, its too much i said, not thinking much i asked my frnd to get seated quickly
  and accelerated the motorcycle to top speed in opposite direction of the cops, i
  knowits not the moral but also demanding bribe isn''t right that too in land of
  Communism. my heart was pounding but somehow managed to escape) what ever happen
  i won''t let you drive this motorcycle, i said to my friend. I have crossed almost
  half of the total distance of 70 km to the destination. Quite thirsty and felt to
  relax for moments so managed to stop near a hotel and it was the only hotel operating
  nearby i guess and we could sense the countryside atmosphere. An old Lady greeted
  us,not sure it was greeting but she gave a genuine smile which i failed to acknowledge
  in city,  while relaxing and enjoying the countryside atmos. Suddenly mobile starts
  to vibrate, it was owner of the motorcycle whom we rented, it was another old lady
  who knew a bit of english. Picked up the call, she asked me wether I''m extending,no
  i said. Asked me to hand over the bike tomorrow by 10 AM due to an emergency call
  she is closing the shop leaving to Hanoi a place away from saigon and ll be back
  tomorrow ,she said disconnected the call. Cool, i said to myself. Later having a
  sip of the coffe , suddenly something strikes my mind , it''s my early morning flight.
  Yes I''m going back home tomorrow. I took the mobile and dialed her number hurriedly,
  the voice says the mobile number is switched off. I knw i was screwed, i tried twice
  and the number was still switched off. To make more  sense for the situation, my
  friend advised me to let it go, we can save 15USD of rent without paying her. We
  ll park the bike outside her shop and leave to airport. I was happy for his advice
  but not really, fast flashback " i gave my passport to hire the motorcycle" my passport
  with her and I''m middle of nowhere. I threw couple of bucks on table and started
  my motorcycle.'
