Title: Into the woods to heal the Broken Soul
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/into-the-woods-to-heal-the-broken-soul
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Manisha Banu Shaik
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'After the breakup with the love of my life and unsuccessful suicide attempt,
  I decided to travel alone to all the places where we dreamed to travel together.Due
  to the last minute reservation, I was given a seat to share and sleep with a stranger
  on the same berth for the next 16hrs in the dark night.I received my co passenger
  in the next station who was a saint and not even bothered to accept my greetings.

  Second day I got up by 3am and booked a local taxi to reached station by 4am to
  catchup a local passenger train with no booked seat.The train was late by 2hrs and
  i finally boarded into the train.It was a local which stops at every small station
  and most of the passengers were from local tribal with a loads of firewood, traveling
  without tickets.We 7 passengers arjusted in the seat of 4 with my half ass.I noticed
  few checking my cleavage making me unbearable to sit and may be god heard my prayer.Next
  moment we were into a tunnel, giving me chance to set my breasts in the most appropriate
  way. The train passed 14 tunnels. From the station, I enquired with local passengers
  and got into a jeep to reach my destination. The journey went for 3hrs around the
  hills. I felt like i was on a roller coaster with my whole head swinging and deep
  vomiting sensation. I didn''t even recognized i was leaning on a man with my body
  half paralysed.I stayed 4 days in one of the poor village of India where still you
  can find tribalism living in huts with no electricity and people depending on organic
  farming on their backyards for their daily wages. I traveled along the poor streets,
  trying to mingle with locals and all i found was women working in the heating sun,
  few carrying their kids on their back, lean and thin with 1kg of siliver jewelry
  on them. Both ethically and traditionally beautiful. Seeing there happy faces I
  tired to derive true meaning of life. Small kids happy playing from dusk to dawn
  with old tires of there broken cycle and we have all the modern gadgets yet not
  satisfied.

  After analyzing the struggles of the small town ladies, I was blessed to be born
  in well decorated family. This journey turned me from down to up.May be heart broken
  soul but I kept all my courage to put a bright smile on my face because i was making
  making memories, may be alone but would be sweet to remember later. I gave my self
  a chance to live life again, enjoy life and have adventures.My life is my kingdom
  and I am a queen without a king, yet more powerful as they history witnessed.'
