Title: Is it safe to travel to Egypt?
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/is-it-safe-to-travel-to-egypt
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Nisha shetty
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I started with this question in my mind, unsure of the place and what it had
  to offer other than the great Pyramids. I booked a group tour to be safe and who
  knew, it would have been one of the greatest journeys i ever embarked upon.


  Few things to do before you commence to see this beautiful country:


  Many countries have visa on arrival. Indian citizen need evisa or can get a group
  visa on arrival if you have booked a tour. You can purchase a local sim card from
  the airport, for 85 EGP, that lasted me 10 days for international calling and data
  usage. Use international debit cards at the ATM which is best for currency conversion.


  Early morning is the only time you get some exclusive time for photography on the
  great Pyramids. However, if you expect it to be like "The Mummy", you might be amazed
  to see the Pyramids surrounded by the city and not just the desert. We also visited
  the perfumeries , the papyrus shop and Khan-el-Khalili maket. Most of the things
  that were inside the Pyramids are now in the museums across the world. Some of them
  were here, however, Egyptian government was building a new and bigger museum, so
  few of the things were being shifted to that museum in Cairo. After so many stories
  it was time to see the "Mummies".


  The list of other must visit places in Egypt along Nile coast are:

  1. Nubean Village.

  2. Abu simbel.

  3. Kom Ombo.

  4. Edfu temple.

  5. Luxor Temple.

  6. Valley of kings.

  7. Temple of queen Hatshepsut.

  8. The Karnak temple.

  9. Alexandria


  When I left the group and travelled on my own was scariest but i was accompanied
  by many solo European travellers.The bus to Hurgada goes through desert and has
  multiple check posts to ensure safety. This is where the desert meets the red sea.Local
  fishermen have lot of trips to offer if you like the ocean.


  Beware:


  Local people follow and ask for money, try to avoid them. If you give money to one,
  others will gather around you.


  Ask them for a picture rather than clicking their picture. They will ask money for
  it but still it is safer.


  Do not leave a shop without closing the bargain. If you do not like the thing or
  did not find it or even if it is expensive, let them know the reason why you are
  not buying. They get pretty aggressive.


  Clothing advise for girls - Cover at least till the hand and knee, short clothes
  attract unwanted attention. In Hurgada, you may wear short clothes on the beaches.


  Beware of the currency notes locals hand you, they change 100 EGP to 10 EGP note
  in the blink of an eye.'
