Title: Isla San Blas, Guna Yala Community Island
DateModified: '2018-02-13'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/isla-san-blas-guna-yala-community-island
SetInCountry: Panama
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Daniela Fernandez
AuthorCountry: Argentina
Text: 'In May of 2017 I traveled to Panama. One of the destinations we marked on the
  map was the Guna Yala Community Island. While it was a great experience, many things
  did not go as expected.

  When we arrived at the islands we found a paradise but for four days we were going
  to live under the rules of the Gunas. The beach and the sea were unforgettable,
  as well as the experience of sleeping in a hut where any kind of bug came in. The
  first morning we woke up with the first breakfast away from civilization: a coffee
  with fried cake, which was followed later in the day by a luxury lunch: a fish fresh
  from the sea with cold rice While the common thing was to stay two days, we had
  decided to stay four, which meant four days of fish, rice and fried cake with cold
  coffee. The relationship with the Gunas was not the best when we decided to take
  a trip on our own with another member of the community who lived on another island.
  They gave us all kinds of warnings about how we could die at the sea and how tourism
  would be affected if it came out on the news. But we went the same way and there
  we met the island of the sunken ship: when I got to the island I swam to where the
  tourists were and finally I submerged under the sea. There was the boat and, truthfully,
  it was impressive. I felt like in the movie Titanic: all rusted, a moss green color.
  The fish surrounded him and swam between the shelters or got into the different
  sectors of a ship.There was a dark sector that was full of fish of all types, without
  realizing I went to another sector already inside the ship, in the middle, where
  I could see all the tourists who came in astonished. I turned on my axis: I was
  surrounded by the boat and thousands of fish. I got dizzy and I swam away. Suddenly.
  I saw an object: a bluish stone shone brightly on an iron of the ship. I tried not
  to think too much and I swam with all my strength to where the stone was. It was
  beautiful. I took it, I stayed a few minutes observing it, until I saw a huge, imposing,
  majestic black hedgehog that was very close to me. I had never seen one like that,
  it was scary in earnest. I had succeeded, I was happy, my heart was beating very
  fast.

  A wonderful experience but out of the expected. Not to add, when the Gunas did not
  want to let us leave the island. But that is another story.'
