Title: It&#39;s no jungle
DateModified: '2018-01-31'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/it-s-no-jungle
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Lucy Harrison
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'I''m back from Calais. Washed the mud from my wellies and the grime from my
  hair.


  The inevitable question rolls in: ''How was it?''

  Honestly, I''m not sure. Many words spring to mind, but I can''t seem to arrange
  them into anything that makes much sense.


  Some writer I am. One thing I can say, it was uplifting.


  Anyone who knows me would agree I''m not the manual labour type. But somehow I was
  swinging a hammer around the warehouse, breaking up fence panels for firewood and
  grinning from ear to ear, within half an hour.


  It was soon time to head into camp.


  Lots of people had told me they were worried for me. They asked me if I was scared
  to visit the ''Jungle'': topic of media horror stories. As I climbed into the back
  of a van, I wondered whether I should be. On reflection, I can say that I felt entirely
  safe. With the refugees anyway.


  Not so much around the French police, with their tear gas and scowling intimidation.
  They''d demand our ID and snatch it without explanation. I''ve heard appalling stories
  of brutality that I can only hope are untrue.


  On the other hand, I''ve met some wonderful, peaceful people. Afghans, Syrians,
  Sudanese, whose sunny smiles in the face of traumatic pasts and bitter presents
  are unbelievable. I''ve eaten at their makeshift restaurants, socialised in their
  makeshift bars, and been treated with genuine warmth. Doctors, lawyers, people who''ve
  spent fortunes to find somewhere they''re safe and welcome. Mothers, children, families
  torn apart by terror. People no different from me, except without skin or passport
  colours that the world respects.


  This year, Valentine''s day wasn''t traditional. But it was a day I''ll remember
  forever.


  It started with a food distribution at the Sudanese part of the camp. As ever, we
  ran out of food long before the end of the queue. Many were left empty handed. Despite
  this, no one so much as let out a grumble. Instead the crowd burst into grateful
  applause and ushered us into their makeshift homes for tea.


  Next, we fired up the truck stereo with a little reggae music. And without further
  ado, everyone began to dance. Language barriers and cultural barriers melted away.
  Indeed, the whole world seemed to disappear as we laughed, hugged and grooved to
  Bob Marley. Under the icy rain. On the swampy ground. Between little more than tarpaulin
  shacks flapping in the bitter wind. And I don''t think I''ve ever felt surrounded
  by more joy.


  The Calais camp is no jungle. It''s a community with so much love and hope.'
