Title: Job search led to first solo - travel
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/job-search-led-to-first-solo-travel
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Raghav Upmanyu
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'How often do you hear from someone that they went out to do something, and
  ended up on an entirely different path?

  I don''t know. But if you''re meeting me for the first time, it''ll be a story you''ll
  get from me, since it counts as one of the most amazing things I did.


  It was the March of 2016. I had been summoned by the Indian Navy to Bangalore, the
  capital city of the Indian state of Karnataka. The idea was to appear for their
  selection process, and get inducted into the force as one of their officers. It
  would''ve been a dream come true.


  But I have my history with this process. To begin with, the premises in which I
  was to appear for this process were the same ones from where I had been sent back
  empty-handed just 2 months ago. I wanted to get in this time and come back home
  with glory.


  And I did come back home with glory, albeit that of a different kind.


  Day 1 at the interview, and I was told that I am not fit to move into the next round.
  I was morose. I was numb for a few minutes. Then I took a step back, went into a
  coffee shop, and started recalling my backup plan.


  "If I don''t get selected, I''ll just travel for 3-4 days and then return to Pune",
  I had told my friend.


  To have said it then was different. But I hadn''t really ever traveled without having
  any plans at hand. After thinking for 5 minutes, I decided I wanted to do it.


  So it began- my journey that started from seeking a job, and quickly transformed
  into my first ever solo back-packing trip, one with an extra-large suitcase in tow.
  I called my parents and assured them that I was safe and doing good in the premises
  of the interview centre, and kicked off my journey.


  Changed from formals to baggy clothes inside the washroom of a 4 star hotel, booked
  a general train ticket and realized that general compartments are too jam-packed
  for people, leave alone the XL suitcase.

  Traveled in a windy and cheap local transport bus to Mysore, sleeping on a bunk-bed
  at night. Hitch-hiked the next day, ditched comfortable North-Indian food for local
  delicacies, again took a minimalist bus to nearby hill station.

  Another day of hitch-hiking and climbing cliffs. Another bus and 5 hours later,
  found myself on the deserted road of Mangalore, taking a train to Gokarna, the beach
  town, sleeping on rusty and dusty train seats.

  Swimming in the sea, walking around, and then taking a bus back to Pune.


  This trip gave me perspective and courage. It gave me a story to tell people who
  dream of doing something similar.'
