Title: '&quot; Journey of a lifetime &quot;'
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/journey-of-a-lifetime
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Ankur Tribhuvan
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Hello everyone,  it's a story about a common guy who dreams about living a life
  on his own condition but still stuck inside day to day problems. My name is Ankur
  Tribhuvan n I'm from India. Just like every common guy I have various responsibilities
  of my family,  work,  expectations, beliefs, dreams, and also to earn good money.
  I'm working in an automobile agency as a customer service executive n I get depressed
  of my daily life. All I have is to call customers n know if they are satisfied by
  our company's work or get the feedback.i feel like I got stuck somewhere in my life
  and now I can't get out of this mess.One day when I was returning from my work I
  saw few childrens playing in a mud n enjoying a lot, even though some people were
  scolding them that why you are playing in mud but they don't care n still doing
  it..  At that time I realised that if they don't care about what anyone says why
  I'm being stopping myself from doing what I love.  This is not the place where I
  belong I belong somewhere else.. It's not just the right thing. Next day I gave
  my resignation to my company n I also told my family that I don't like this job
  n from now on im going to do what I really love and that is photography..  So I
  decided to travel each and every city I can n also clicked beautiful pictures about
  the cultures , food, history,  monuments, etc n in order to get few money too I
  give my picture to some local magazines n I get a good amount.. In this way I started
  travelling to every place n my aim is to travel the world n to see the different
  cultures, people n meet them n have their food..  Just wanna live the way I love
  to be...  That's my passion too..  Because journey of a lifetime awaits me...  N
  it's gonna start soon.. One of the great person said that - " journey of thousand
  miles begins with a single step". So I get started with my bag , my passport,  n
  other useful stuff that would be helpful to me in my journey of traveling the world.  That's
  my story n it's just get started because journey of a lifetime begins soon..
