Title: Journey of the mind
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/journey-of-the-mind
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Vidula Naik
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was pitch dark in the night. My train from Waynad, a place in Kerala, where
  I was attending a friend's wedding was running late. Since I was coming this far
  to kerala I planned to explore around for a while. I had heard about a platform
  where locals host people from other places. I was fascinated by the concept and
  wanted to give it a try and that is how I landed in Anamalai. It is a very small
  town which I was visiting for the first time and on top of that was going to stay
  at a stranger's place. I wouldn't be lying if I said the thought of waiting at the
  station for a while and catching the next train back home to Hyderabad did not cross
  my mind. But I didn't instead I waited for this local host who volunteered to pick
  me up at 11 pm. Finally he showed up on a bike. He had colored hair, tattooed arms,
  pierced body and looked very different from his innocent looking picture online.
  My worry was far from over. He told me in his broken English that his house was
  far off in the interior surrounded by banana plantation. All I could think was,
  If he is lying he is such a good liar. He also told me that he was hosting an Australian
  and a Brazilian guest. The bike like he said kept on going into interiors. Darkness
  just got darker and the barking dogs louder. My mind got busier imagining worst
  scenarios. With each turn I clutched tightly onto the pepper spray I was carrying.
  My mind was occupied expecting worst things and how to tackle them. I totally understood
  why they say, Mind is your worst enemy and even your enemy can't think as bad as
  your mind does. I tried my best to hide my fears and participate in the conversation.
  Finally the never ending bike ride came to a halt. Like he had described it was
  a beautiful house in banana plantation and there were other guests inside! A relief
  swept over me. It was one of the worst half an hour followed by the best. I was
  given a mattress and I slept on the floor. And guess what I was happy about it.
  My expectations had dropped so low to mere safety that I was grateful to everything
  that came my way on that journey. It changed the definition of Travel for me. I
  was touched by the kindness of my host and I was going to be this super host too,
  in the future. The next morning I was served with delicious breakfast and stories
  from Brazil, Australia. I couldn't stop wondering how in the remotest place possible
  I came to know more about Brazil, Australia and of course Kerala! and it was the
  last thing I had expected...
