Title: Journey to Life
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/journey-to-life
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kunal Joshi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Does a journey ever start? Journey is nothing at all but a simple way of putting
  meaning to life. Well, my heart had it''s calling one day. I felt all this , the
  daily monotonous life just doesn''t cut it. So, I started to think and it clicked,
  make a journey, make a life search. I remembered reading somewhere about Dalai Lama.
  So it got hitched Tawang, 10,000m above sea level the smallest of district in the
  state of Arunachal Pradesh, India. Holding the biggest monastery in the country
  and the birthplace of Lama.

  My trip was to last a week, so, I took my time and will, from Guwahati to Tawang
  it took me around 11 hours to reach. On the way I made a friend Marugun who was
  of Tawang. Having reached there I took that day to rest as the following will be
  my life altering moment or so I thought. Morning came and with it came the most
  beautiful sunrise of my life. Sunlight filled the sky, pure scattered light; it''s
  hue ambitiously illuminating each cervices of the land. Melodious chants from monastery
  an explicit background melody. With breath paused in my lungs, I wished time would
  halt. Then me with my camera got out of the room and I met Marugun who promised
  to show me around. On the way to Monastery I met people. People so purehearted,
  away from all the fouls and corruption of this world. Everyone there had a story,
  doesn''t we all have? So lost in them I forgot to go to monastery. Tomorrow is always
  a new day. With this in mind I woke up next day to a better sunrise. Marugun had
  promised to surely take me to the monastery today. We got there, situated on top
  of a plateau like structure, stood heaven surrounded by dense fog from all the sides.
  Entering, hearing the chants but it was oh! so peaceful like slow rain on a quite
  winter night. Being so big and still being in sync made me think. The world has
  stopped here to take a breath form all the burdens it carries. I never wanted to
  leave there. But I was content with the fact that I will never be complete now,
  my heart will never be complete some part of me will always be here and I was happy.
  Marugun and I left for there is so much to reveal into. He told me "site chosen
  by the horse is the celestial divine paradise", that is Tawang and Galdan Namgye
  for you. And how my week ended there so fast I never knew. But I was happy I got
  more than I bargained for, a friend for life, and more than meaning to life, a purpose,
  don''t we all live for that? So, as I was saying, does a journey ever ends?'
