Title: 'Jumping off the edge '
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/jumping-off-the-edge
SetInCountry: France
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Niamh Kelleher
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: 'Tears are rolling down my face "How did I get to this point in life?"  My Mother,
  who hands down is the best mother in the world sat me down and said " Niamh, youre
  20 years old, stop putting so much pressure on yourself, just have fun"

  Have Fun, i kept thinking what having fun would actually be like. So, Of course
  i did what anyone would do, i got out my laptop and i typed in "what to do to have
  fun this Summer." One thing caught my eye..Au Pairing. In minutes, I had signed
  up to Au pair.com. The next day i skyped a family and accepted straight away. I
  was going to Spain. The next thing i knew i was at the airport, Yes you guessed
  it, tears were rolling down my pasty Irish face. No wait, I dont want to go, iv
  made a mistake I  thought while clinging onto my parents for dear life. But i did
  do it, that little girl who used to cry going to school every morning and who could
  never survive a sleepover walked right on to that plane and never looked back.

  Now i bet you thought i was going to dive into an amazing story filled with Sangria
  and Shiny happy people holding hands in the sunshine, but im not, dont get me wrong,
  it was like that, mostly the Sangria part, but i was looking for more. By the time
  my stay ended  my tan feet were looking for more, i had got the travel bug. The
  question was where was i going to go next. Thats right.. FRANCE. I arrived at Geneva
  Airport on a wednesday morning, waiting for my brother to pick me up. We drove to
  a town where a piece of my heart will forever Live. I rocked up to a house where
  13 people were living during the day, At night most of the towns population camped
  out for a hella good time.

  I went snowboarding for the first time, which felt like i was flying through a stream
  of fluffy clouds. I drank and smoked, i laughed, i danced under the stars, i fell
  in love with every single person i met there. Everyone was open, no bullshit. I
  felt like i was living in a movie where i was actually playing the main role in
  my life. I was broke but happier than ever. I hitchiked everyday to work chatting
  to the locals in French. Breathing in that fresh mountain air every morning gave
  me a high i could never describe.  I stayed for 6 months. Living there changed me,
  I can now hold fear by the hand to go run and jump into the next adventure.. Slovakia.
  Going to Spain is a decision that really pushed me to the edge. In France i Jumped
  off that edge and in Slovakia i am exploring whats after that magnificent leap.
  Live..Have fun.'
