Title: Kia Ora - the Maomi Village
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/kia-ora-the-maomi-village
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Laura Triebswetter
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'After some days in Rotorua we decided to do a tour on our own. No one of us
  had experiences in tramping or living in the wildness. However, we wanted to go
  there with only a few things like tent, sleeping bag, few clothes, washing equipment
  and food. The first day seemed very easy because everyone was so excited and in
  a good mood. We hiked around the nature. Jumped in river and over rocks. Had a lot
  of fun. Unfortunately we forgot something to lighten our way at night. So we decided
  to stop at a spot that seemed save for us. The night was so loud due to the bugs
  and it was so hot, we could hardly sleep. We stood up very early in the morning
  due to the heat and hiked around again. Due to the fact that everybody was so tired,
  we weren''t in a good mood anymore. So we had a lot of arguments and discussions
  and we nearly wanted to stop our tour. Then we heard something in the bush what
  was very scary. But in the end it was a young boy who wanted to show us something,
  because he pointed through the bush. He also has spoken something in a different
  language, so we weren''t sure. However, we followed him. Thankfully! Because he
  showed us his village. A real aboriginal, local village. I really wanted to see
  something like this since I can think. As they realised us, they invited us to sit
  around a big circle. Due to the fact that we were excited and also scared on the
  same time we did what they wanted. We learned about there culture, we had a lot
  of meat, the guys were hunting and learned how to prepare the food, the girls learned
  something about the different kind of plants -so many toxic one - and took care
  of the kids and whatever it was we smoked some weird stuff where we were really
  relaxed but they told us it wasn''t weed. Probably another toxic plant. However,
  in the whole we had a very good day where we learned a lot about the culture of
  the Maomis! In the evening we sit around a fire and the oldest one told us stories
  about his family. How they survived at the world wars, how they survived at the
  coldest times, why women are so important - you should see the eyes of our guys
  - and why it is so important to follow the rules of the nature. The next day we
  got a small ceremony that ment that we are always welcomed at there home. We gave
  them our hand, looked deep at there eyes, said Kia Ora and put our nose to their
  nose. This is the way how to say hello and goodbuy in their culture. So we thought
  so. What I am pretty sure is that I will never forget this amazing experience! The
  last what I can say: Kia Ora.'
