Title: Knocking on heaven&#39;s door
DateModified: '2018-03-02'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/knocking-on-heaven-s-door
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Lorenzo Leonardi
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I settle the shoulder straps, I have the skin irritated: the continuous rubbing
  of the fabric and the weight of the backpack begin to bother. A little to the right,
  a little to the left... Now it''s better. I breathe the air of high altitude, that
  inebriate me so much that I do not feel anything anymore. We have just left the
  village of Labuche, in the Himalayas, and we descend through the wide Everest valleys,
  away from the tourist traffic of Gorekshep, eager to immerse ourselves in this wonderful
  world of fairy tales: light head, heavy legs, the clock continues its run... We
  must hurry because the hours of light in this period are few and the last thing
  we want is to be caught by the night along the way. I look at the time: it''s just
  past noon and I''m happy. Through the lens of my sunglasses, I look at my sister:
  the face wrinkled by sweat and fatigue, but she has the same light in the eyes...
  I understand that she explodes of joy, we share the same feelings in silence...
  We are happy, tremendously free and happy, without guides or porters. Savages, we
  ride alone, enjoying the freedom in the world of dreams. I wonder if I had ever
  experienced this state of peace and if you really could be so close to a person
  without even talking... Yes, this is the magic that permeates these earth, soaked
  in every stone, in every molecule of water, in every blade of grass. Total connection
  with nature... Is this the reason why we travel so much? Maybe. Each person''s life
  path is built with new intermediate stages of awareness, and, God, we are living
  this moment together, two brothers, constantly looking for something that we don''t
  completely understand, in a remote corner of the world, out of everything and far
  from everyone. Hours run slow and heavy as the steps of 2 Westerners, not accustomed
  to high altitudes, with the head and the heart full of emotions. We talk little,
  we keep everything for ourselves but sharing the same state of harmony. Finally,
  at nightfall, illuminated by the light of our head torch, we glimpse a small cluster
  of houses where we can spend the night. With trepidation, we knock on the doors
  of this small ghost community. Darkness overwhelms us, the stars shine in the sky,
  a light sleet bathes our face. No response to our requests. We pray for someone
  to open the door and host us. A small Nepalese family welcomes our supplications
  and invites us at home offering us a hot meal and a bed for the night. We are dreaming...
  NAMASTE'
