Title: Larache
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/larache
SetInCountry: Morocco
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Christopher  Carolan
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: It had been two days already since we arrived in this small port town on the
  Atlantic coast of Morocco. Two days of eating very little, drinking little and almost
  no washing at all. We were trying to conserve the little water we had left in the
  reserve tank so we would have enough provisions to make an over-night dash to the
  capital Rabat two days hence. Hurricane Ophelia was passing, far out in the Atlantic
  but still close enough to trap us at port due to the 5-6 metre swells she left in
  her wake. Ophelia, the suicidal mistress of Hamlet who drowned herself, if there
  was ever an omen for us not to sail this was going to be it. As I sat bare-chested
  in the cockpit of our small 33ft sailing boat I could almost peel the grime off
  my skin with my nails. The water we were surrounded by was covered by a thick layer
  of black oil and an endless amount of trash floated around in it. From the city
  centre I heard the Muezzin calling to Prayer. Adjacent to our boat a man on a fishing
  trawler laid out his carpet towards Mecca and began genuflecting in prayer. I wasn't
  the only one who had drawn the short straw and was left the task of watching over
  the boat while the rest of the crew went into town I guessed. The white sun was
  beating down on top of me, there was no escaping it either inside or outside the
  boat, the only slight relief seemed to come from the shade that we had jerry-rigged
  by tying towels and tarp up around the boom of the boat to a rickety steel structure
  at the stern. I didn't mind being left behind on the boat to watch it to be honest,
  In fact I enjoyed it, I took the time to watch life pass by in this small port where
  the people were so friendly that they shared bread and mint tea with us every morning.
  Despite the poor conditions, this is what I had come for. Reflecting on our past
  journey so far we had already seen so much. We had spent five days sailing from
  Ireland to Spain where we were escorted by dolphins for the first three days who
  danced with us every night, leaving trails like fairy dust in the bio-luminescent
  plankton and when the shackle of our anchor came loose off the cliffs of The Algarve
  leaving us to dive down through the 5 metres of murky water with a rope to retrieve
  it. As beautiful as those places were I yearned for somewhere more interesting with
  a deep rooted culture, with more of a human connection and curiously enough this
  is where I had found it, tied to a stinking metal fishing trawler in the small town
  of Larache.
