Title: Leaving the world behind
DateModified: '2018-02-08'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/leaving-the-world-behind
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Anirban Sengupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: They say, true inspiration can be found when you are at the edge. My uninspiring
  life was meandering towards a claustrophobic road block. So I decided to leave everything
  behind and get on to the road, hoping to discover my own inspiration. I packed my
  SUV with few essentials and a couple of friends. Over the next ten days we drove
  nearly 2000kms. In that a 200km stretch between Manali and Kaza, through the cold
  desert valley of Lahul Spiti, changed my life forever. On day three of our journey
  we reached Rohtang Pass on extreme overcast conditions. We were stuck within a thick
  white haze of clouds. Not sure where we were nor where to go. All of a sudden, like
  a stroke of miracle, the cloud cover disappeared. Leaving behind the most exquisite
  view of the mighty Himalayas. We realised what it meant to have our breath taken
  away. Inspiration was just beginning. Transfixed we got back to our car and drove
  along towards Kaza. We were at 4000 mts (above sea level) going down to 3200 mts,
  then up to Kunzum Pass at 4500 mts and finally down to 3600 mts at Kaza, where we
  halt for the night. After we got off the Leh highway the treacherous journey began.
  The so called road disappeared into a rocky shamble.  It was late summer and the
  glaciers were melting. The river was criss-crossing us through the journey, sometimes
  we drove next to it and sometimes over it. There was no road and in many long stretches
  no other humans as well. The best part - no telecom connectivity either.  We were
  left on our own to figure out the road ahead of us and take in the breathtaking
  beauty in its most natural and raw form. Time stood still while we were belittled
  by nature. The isolated silence of the valley under the shadow of the mighty mountains
  made us realise just how insignificant human race really is. In our comfortable
  shortsightedness we make noise, fight wars, tell lies, hurt one another, yet we
  do not even make up for a spec of dust in the universe. But we give all our uninspiring
  lives for it. We drove in complete silence. We could not find the right words. For
  words had no meaning here. We had left the world behind. For that is how we felt
  as we stood at Kunzum Pass, the highest motorable road. This was the highest we
  could have gone on wheels - to us it felt like being on top of the world. We dipped
  our lips in an icy stream and quenched our thirst. But the soul was still parched.
  Fortunately there was more of the journey still left. There was another world ahead
  of us.
