Title: Let life be crazy sometimes
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/let-life-be-crazy-sometimes
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Assol Rakhimova
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: 'Surely,everyone knows the work and travel programm,but not all know that there
  are 2 types of students that come to US. The first group, i call them "supertourist",
  will have really calm, convinient experirence and the other one is "stories group",
  who are reckless enough to have the craziest memories. And guess which group i am
  into? Exactly, the brainless one! Do you know the secret of unforgettable experience?
  It is easy-do not plan!

  My crazy trip started from the very begging, but i would skip the part where i almost
  was left on the street at night with blocked card and the work part too. Let''s
  talk about me and my best friend who were stupid enough to decide spending night
  out in Washington DC because we wanted to see the sunrise. We left our luggage in
  the hostel where stayed the guys we just met. They also were studying petroleum
  engineering but in Russia. We did not  even know that they could speak russian,
  because the language they used was chinise, it even turned out that one of them
  was originally from Kazakhstan. Isn''t it insane? You truly never know who you gonna
  meet and when. I still remember us being exhausted resting on the banch but i was
  too sleppy to stay awake, so i ended up sleeping on Valya''s shoulder and when i
  opened my eyes she said  that there was a weird guy. She was not sure do we need
  to leave or this is ok. Then we went to wallmart to see if it was open,  because
  sunrise can not be perfect without an ice cream. People there were starring at us
  like we were crazy. Even though we had such a franric night, we thought about going
  to NY the next day without any advanced preparation like hostels and bus tickets.
  So far I don''t understand why we were thinking that we can just come to NY with
  nothing. That evening my friend downloaded the couch-serfing programm and i bought
  a ticket. The half of night we spent sitting in the basement with a lot of scary
  people and our tickets did not even look real, it was just a piece of paper with
  a number. I can not explain the relief we fell when the bus actually came and it
  was a true one! You know what ? These reckless girls were not sure where they gonna
  stay, because the guy from couch-serfing did not replay yet. We really thought we
  will be out 2 nights in a row, but at the very last moment when we already arrived
  HE ANSWERED YES.

  What i want to tell, by this story, that only you pick the group you want to join,
  and if you want to make stories just give life the chance to make it''s own.'
