Title: Let&#39;s find a beautiful place to get lost
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/let-s-find-a-beautiful-place-to-get-lost-2
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Suman Saha
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Growing up in a traditional Bengali household at the heart of south Kolkata
  has its own magic locked in every nuke & corner of the city. But there's a catch.
  You grow up with the idea that the only way you'll be deemed successful is by ending
  up in the doctor's seat or having an engineering degree to show off.  But that eureka
  moment happened for me during a typically mundane Sunday afternoon just a few months
  after I had completed my engineering & I was running from place to place giving
  interviews for my application to be accepted in a b-school. I needed a break. A
  solo trip to the mountains was my escape. This is how trips should be. No planning.
  No idea what will happen. Just embark on the journey. And thus, I was off to north
  Sikkim two days later without even letting my parents know. Mind you, I was their
  perfect child who had always obeyed everything they had said. North Sikkim was a
  revelation for me. This was a place called Dzongu, far away from the hustle & bustle
  of the main city Gangtok. Two home-stays & a hot spring was its claim to fame. I
  reached there at 10am and was taken away by the hospitality of the home-stay owner
  Jeffrey. I didn't book a place there but he was generous enough to accept me as
  one of their own. It followed a wonderfully made breakfast with love and a lot of
  contemplating sitting by the bank of a river which flew below the mountains. I had
  never experienced such a serene atmosphere with greenery all around and the occasional
  call of the local birds. Jeffrey showed me around the place which had a small school
  of sorts where the local kids, 7 of them were studying. The smile on their faces
  seeing a visitor was a sight of pure joy. Jeffrey was kind enough to introduce me
  to the village senior who offered me a drink called Arok, which they make from fermented
  rice. And boy that was strong! A small temple, 200 steps above the mainland where
  the monks there told me about their journey in broken English was the icing on the
  cake. The day ended with the most refreshing bath I had ever taken in the hot spring
  along with the locals. I left the next morning but that one day had left an indelible
  impression on my mind of this place and its people. Jeffrey made sure I took a small
  souvenir in the form of a tribal bowl, but the biggest gift was his smile while
  he was waving goodbye while I embarked on my journey back to the monotony of daily
  life. I did complete my MBA after that but the travel bug had already bitten me
  by then.
