Title: Life In A Flash
DateModified: '2018-03-02'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/life-in-a-flash
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Thomas Ercoli
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'We were told it would be about a 14 hour drive. We loaded into the van, and
  it was PACKED. The front seat had 3, middle seat had 3, and the backseat had 3.  It
  was a long ride so to start, everyone respected personal space. As the ride went
  on people got a little more comfortable, some a little too much.

  Two lanes, scooters, cars, vans, trucks, and everyone passing each other on curves,
  straight aways, and anywhere else they could. People passed on the left, people
  passed on the right. Horns blare, lights flash, and no one dies. It is absolutely
  amazing.

  While flying through Sumatra, you stare out the window. It is one hell of a way
  to see culture. As you fly past village after village, you catch half second clips
  of people, life, culture, and every day activities. In a half second you see a lady
  washing clothes in the water that runs through each village. She''s gone in another
  half second. You see a kid running down the street. He vanishes. You see men working
  on construction, and next, you can''t see any of them. You are now looking at someone
  else''s life for a half second, before they are gone forever. You''ll never know
  a name or a face that you see, but it gives you more than enough context.

  As you look out the window, all these people blur by. You start to piece together
  thousands of different lives. A lady washing, kids playing, people going to worship,
  cooks and customers, the elders, the youth, all only for a half second each. It
  takes hundred and thousands of these half seconds, but after a number of hours and
  countless villages, you start to develop a picture of it all. It is your own little
  movie. Not a single individual leaves a lasting impression on you, but all together
  it is an amazing sight to see. Each tiny clip of everyday activities allows you
  to see what life is like for these people.

  We go through villages that are mainly farms, with corn, rice, and carrots. We pass
  by villages of massive Islamic influence, children, men, women, all headed to the
  Mosque or school, in typical Islamic dress. Another village, kids shirtless, women''s
  heads covered, men in jeans and a t-shirt. It all gave the purest image of life
  in Sumatra.

  We cover so much area and see so many people. It''s not a personal connection, but
  if you take a look out at these people, if you take in these tiny clips of life,
  if you piece them together, you''ll see what life is really like for these people
  who are gone in a blur of a passing car.'
