Title: Life in Death
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/life-in-death
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Taylor DeClue
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Living in the Midwest the first thing on my mind was" I have to get out of here
  ". Out of my hometown out of this lifestyle , out of this environment . I was always
  intrigued by New Orleans whether it was for the freedom to consume alcohol on the
  streets or the opportunity to catch beads at a Mardi Gras parade. I never knew too
  much else about the place other than it wasn't my home so the grass must be greener
  on the other side . The first time i stepped foot on the grounds of the Deep South
  the air immediately felt thicker to me . I wasn't sure if it was because of the
  sea level change or the haunting that surrounded the city. Either way you could
  feel the difference . When you first take a look around The city the Hollywood portrayals
  all seem so real. Musicians in the street entertaining the young and old . The elite
  and the downtrodden.The aroma of fresh sea food fills the air. You are constantly
  greeted with what seems to be a giant day party that never ends . However upon further
  observation and exploration I came to understand that there were reasons behind
  these celebrations .While New Orleans appears to be a place of livelihood it is
  also a place deep rooted in oppression , slavery  and darkness. There is a long
  history of segregation , gentrification , and pain. The smiles you see on the faces
  of its citizens tells the story of a city that celebrates both life and death. The
  good and the bad . The beautiful and the ugly . When you see a second line or a
  parade you watch as the locals literally dance on the graves of their ancestors
  as if to bring them back to life through their music , and art , and dance . All
  the great parts of the New Orleans culture . When i initially thought of this city
  i imagined all of the beautiful things it had to offer but i never considered the
  pain that must have been endured to create this outward appearance. The entertainment
  you find in the French quarter generally just seems lovely and colorful to the common
  tourist but in reality it is a giant pot of gumbo filled with people from all different
  walks of life. following their hearts  may have lead them down paths where they
  cannot suffice like most people in regular society do . They know the meaning of
  sacrifice. For to know joy is to know pain . You encounter people from all walks
  of life and you see that this city is created with all the worst and best things
  life has to offer . They never have to choose only celebrate life in every available
  moment.
