Title: Life is Like a Train.
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/life-is-like-a-train
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Pranav  Tawar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The last thing I was expected to do was to stop him from going. My friend was
  leaving for Canada and I was going to meet him in his city Khanna. Khanna


  Is a small city in Punjab. I had already left home for Khanna.


  As soon as I reached the station, I heard some voices.


  "Passengers please pay attention. The train to Khanna from Delhi through Meerut
  will arrive at platform 5''''. I knew my destination was platform 5. I thought the
  train was on time like me. However, the train didn''t arrive on time and I realised
  it was late as usual.


  I went to Indian Railway site and found out the train was 6 hours late.


  I would play games, call someone, play music to spend those 6 hours.


  I kept peeping at the track to see if the train was coming. When I turned, a man
  asked me if the train was coming. I got scared as the man had long hair, must not
  have bathed for days and was wearing torn clothes. I told him the train was to come
  and asked him where he wanted to go. He replied wherever the train takes him. I
  found it strange. I didn''t question him and he went to join other people along
  with musical instruments that they were playing and I understood he was a beggar.
  The train then arrived.


  He went and sat in sleeper class and I sat where I had reservation. I was tired
  so I slept as soon as I sat down in my seat. When I woke up, I wanted to light a
  cigarette. I went to the washroom to light a cigarette and heard some sounds. I
  went out and saw the beggar and went to sit with him and hear the song. He coughed
  so I gave him my bottle and just like that, we arrived at Khanna. I went to my seat
  and took out my luggage and went out. I heard someone calling me from behind, ''Son,
  your bottle,'' I asked him to keep it as he may require it later in his journey.
  He said life is like a train. You never know where one gets down. Life''s driver
  is that lord who will be there with you until the end. He said I travelled with
  you today, who knows when we will meet again, don''t be sad. Rab Rakha!


  Maybe he knew what was going on in my heart.'
