Title: Life takes you where you need to be
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/life-takes-you-where-you-need-to-be
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Silvia De Martin Pinter
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'In the middle of my term (if you''ve ever been majoring in architecture you
  can understand the complete insanity of this decision) I just took off to Ireland
  with two of my best friends. We wanted to be careless for a change, we weren''t
  so interested in visiting, the aim was to spend quality time together. The first
  day in Dublin we just walked around trying to find the Penny store, I guess that''s
  a part of Irish charm too...

  But at the third day of our trip, while we were heading to Gallway, we started to
  change our attitude. The scenery from our bus was astonishing, the road seemed to
  be endless, the trees and the sky were such a balanced contrast. We started to ask
  more questions, to be more involved.

  At the end of the fourth day we had learned few songs, we were speaking English
  like never before and we were happier. We joked around picturing the appearance
  of faries, we recollected the sad tales of those magnificent castles in the middle
  of nowhere... A night at 3AM it even started to snow, something that apparently
  in Ireland never happens, but with ballerina shoes and a positive attitude, we enjoyed
  even the cold.

  My friends were elated, but I wasn''t. A lifechanging moment took away a person
  really close to me and I was still hurt. I was happy too, but I felt like the whole
  experience was tainted by that loss. And that''s where Ireland changed my life.

  At that point I was really into the culture and I fell in love with the landscape,
  but I wasn''t truly connected. On the way to visit the Cliffs of Moher we stopped
  in this place on the top of a hill where a prehistorical altar was located. The
  day was gloomy as many days in Ireland are, the rain was falling and the atmosphere
  was electric. In the middle of the field there was the small altar surrounded by
  many other stones. It''s difficult to explain the feeling of being there, I could
  breathe the importance of that place, the sacrality. I decided there and in that
  moment that I wasn''t happy with my life, I was dragged by the flow losing myself
  in the meantime. I felt such a deep connection, I had to open my mind at whatever
  was happening. I would never have believed a rainy day could be the light I was
  looking for.

  A week trip in Ireland changed my life. Those moments in the misterious Irish nature
  gave me the strenght to become who I wanted to be. When the flow pulls me again
  I just need to close my eyes and remember, sometimes I even think I can smell fresh
  rain and muddy grass.'
