Title: ' Like a seagull'
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/like-a-seagull
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: ANTONIETTA PERROTTA
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'The shades that the sunset gave allowed to focus attention to the sky, the
  pupils lit like fire at the sight of those colors.

  Playa del Cable, seemed just before radiant and golden, it seems almost as if set
  in the grains of sand fine little shards of diamonds that made it shimmer, while
  when the sun decided to disappear under the horizon remained in dim light, dark
  as carbon.

  Punctual, he arrived, it was three days that I noticed him. The few white hair,
  wrinkled skin and slow movements made me realize that they could provide me with
  valuable information about my destination. The memory of memories of memories: memories.

  He was sitting on a deckchair, on foot of the beach, I took a seat next to him on
  the beach. Being aware of my presence, he did not give me importance, so he threw
  a pebble in the water to attract his attention, then I asked him:


  "You know, I wanted to make sure I had visited everything in this city, you do not
  seem like a tourist, can you help me to see if there are any unexplored important
  places? I still have a free evening in that case ..


  The latter are all places where I had been.

  He began to give me information about the city of Marbella, without my realizing
  it, he catapulted me into another era.

  "After 1485 the Spaniards reconquered the city and freedom from Islamic possession,
  my father fell in love with an Arab woman, from whom he waited for a son. Her relatives
  have never been married to a Spanish, since mentality of the Islamic world, so she
  escaped, she gave birth and returned with her family to her land. I never knew my
  mother, but often my father described her beauty, as they are impregnated with an
  Arabic imprint Just as these sunsets connect me to she and my wife.

  I look at the seagulls and I would like to be able to join them so I can go to say
  hello every now and then, this beach gives me peace of mind, I think everyone has
  a sea-view life "


  I thought of how many stories like these were in that city that housed 138,662 inhabitants
  and how many emotions a sunset from home was aroused, with an unknown person who
  was many years older than you.'
