Title: Like butter.
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/like-butter
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sonipriya Paul
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Never have I ever lived away from my family...." Startled eyes combined with
  raised eyebrows were the reactions of all those nomads who thought such people have
  no existence. Took a sip of my drink and completed my statement, "until now." A
  few sighs (perhaps of relief) and deafening cheers with thunderous applauds engulfed
  me. Gives you a sense of pride to have such reactions - makes you feel you must
  have achieved something which you possibly thought you could never. But the claps
  weren''t powerful enough to cease me from slipping into the memories of my past
  I left behind months back.

  It wasn''t long ago that I shifted to Mumbai,Maharashtra for official purpose. I
  was to live an independent life for the first time. Inundated with mixed feelings
  of anxiety,fear,excitement and many other emotions I wasn''t aware of, I looked
  outside the glass window of my apartment overlooking the city and murmured to myself
  "Aamchi Mumbai!" It was time for me to strike through a few points from my bucket
  list starting from "MUMBAI LOCAL TRAINS". The ignorant ones could say that it must
  be overrated and it isn''t how people term it be. Hahaha!! I have nothing more to
  express to those people. Maddening crowd with people hanging from the window sills
  of the train amalgamated with loud noise of all types of chitter and chatter of
  the locals are what defines Mumbai Railway Station. "Do not panic when you see a
  large crowd" were the words carved on the ceilings of the overbridge on which I
  was standing, stupefied. Onlookers gathered around the platforms to capture videos
  of such an unimaginable scene. It was Dadar station and it is considered to be one
  of the busiest stations and it proved to be one that day. I would have taken the
  train to Thane only if I was able to jostle through the crowd. Tough luck!

  Vada Pav!! Ever heard of that? Well it''s like the street food king of Mumbai. You
  get it at almost all shops by the road. Vada (potato stuffing) wrapped inside Pav
  (bun) is what makes Vada Pav such a delectable dish. A similar dish equally famous
  would be Pav Bhaji. A perfect blend of all nutritious vegetables cooked in graceful
  amount of butter makes the bhaji lip smacking. Last but not the least - Panipuri.
  Well you got to taste that to feel that.

  Culturally,socially,cuisine-wise - it''s completely different from my hometown but
  that''s the whole point of it. It might sound difficult for someone like me but
  honestly the transition - from my hometown to Mumbai - was like butter.'
