Title: Listen to the Native
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/listen-to-the-native
SetInCountry: Vietnam
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Arum Siti Eris Nova Vidya
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'It was about 8 PM (local time) already when I arrived in coastal city, Nha
  Trang, Vietnam. My girlfriends and I directly went to the hostel that we booked.
  We did quick unpacking and planned to go sightseeing the city before the day ends.
  I grabbed my backpack and camera. I was filled with excitement every time I landed
  in a new place.


  We passed the street market with lampions around and arrived at City Hall. We kept
  moving until reach the edge of onshore area. It was pretty windy and we had been
  noticed by some local people. Perhaps, they recognized some our tourist actions;
  such as taking pictures, communicating with different language, and seeing around
  like never been there before.


  Suddenly, a middle age woman came over and started to talk to us.


  "Hello. Three of you, where are you come from?" She asked.


  "We are from Indonesia." I answered politely. Then, the woman starred at us. I felt
  so uncomfortable because she looked at me and my friends from the top to the bottom.
  Moreover, she observed our stuffs, for instance our handphones and cameras. She
  started frequently asked several questions; including our purpose in here.


  "You have a good English. Why do not you go to the bar there? I can go with you."
  She said by pointing the bar location.


  "No, thank you. It is late and is not the right time because we just arrived in
  here." My friend responded.


  "Come. Just stop by for a moment there and see the place." She insisted a little.
  Suddenly, she moved closer to us and spontaneously we stepped backward. I realized
  my friends and I started to hold our hands side by side, indicating anxiety.


  We still refused her invitation. Not for a long time, there was a silent moment
  between us and the woman. Without think twice, my friends and I uttered a good bye
  to her and run to our hostel. After arriving in front of our hostel, we opened the
  door but it was locked. We knocked the door and the owner, an old man, opened the
  door. He only said a sentence with relieved expression,"Glad you return here safely."


  We immediately went to our room and just realized it was almost midnight. Instantly,
  I understood what happened just before and the expression of the hostel owner. I
  remembered when I was in Ho Chi Minh, a native told us,"You are better not to go
  out above 10 PM, especially for woman. Human trafficking in here is still considerably
  high."'
