Title: Live the story you want to tell.
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/live-the-story-you-want-to-tell
SetInCountry: Nicaragua
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Lourdes Rueda
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'You know this moments in your live that you just decide you need an adventure?
  And you left your job, your house, family and friends for go to the other side of
  the ocean? Well that was me last year I left UK for Costa Rica just looking for
  find some sun and something completetly diferent.

  Once in there I meet my friend Gee in a hostal in Manuel Antonio, I was eating chips
  in a hamaca next to the pool when the cat of the hostal jump into the bag trying
  to eat al my chips... She saw it and thought that was fun and we start to talk.
  Yes that is how you make friends in solo travels. After that we start to travel
  together arround the country and mostly all the time eating the tipical food. Arround
  11 days before my flight back home she had the idea of go to Nicaragua and she convince
  me to go with her, so we take a 12h bus to go to Granada.

  The next day was the crazyest day in my live.

  At the morining we went to a lake insede a volcano, with the most clear and warm
  water I had never seen and after some hours relaxing and playing with the parrots
  we take a taxe to the bus station where we take a bus to Managua and then an other
  4h bus to Leon. We wanted to go to a beach to see tourtles and we where runnig out
  of time. Once in Leon we ask to a Taxi driver to take us to our hostel, we didnt
  know tha was in the middle of a lake close to the beach, so he offer to take as
  there and find someone to take us to the island. Once in the lake we found a guy
  that would give us a lift for 1 dolar, at this moment was midnight and we were 2
  girls in a boat with a complete stranger, going to a island in a lake in god knows
  were... I have never been so scare in all my life, and was just at this moment in
  the midle of the dark when I look into the water and for found that was glowing.
  We were in one of this very few lakes with bioluminisce in all the wolrd, and we
  didnt know it! There is no words to descrive the emozion we had, that only became
  bigest when we arrive to the island for find that was a horse car waiting for us
  to take us to the hostel. Was one of the best experince in my live and the best
  thing, is that was completly unplaned, It will never be so magic like it was at
  that moment, but I can asure that made me realise that the scaryest things in life
  are the ones that more deserve it.'
