Title: Living my dream
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/living-my-dream
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Rosa Ana  Lorenzo Garea
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'My story begins in Germany where I was born and raised as the third daughter
  of Spanish migrant workers. I didn''t have an easy start in life and in the course
  of it, I was raised to keep silence and to not raise my voice and express my opinion.
  My parents were loving ones but they didn''t know better as they had been raised
  the same way. My life has been, since I''m aware of it, like the journey in a roller
  coaster. Ups and downs, a lot of depressions and wondering why I was still alive.
  Nevertheless, I always moved on and kept insisting asking why? I never stopped searching
  for my purpose in this world. I always wanted to live in Spain, at least for a couple
  of years, to explore my roots. But I never really thought that I would make it.
  I thought I had to follow the norm, finish my studies and start working. One day
  when I was on my way to a friend''s house I suddenly caught the attention of two
  books that were lying on a small wall. Books from my favourite author "Paolo Coelho".
  And one of those books was titled "The Alchemist". A book I actually always wanted
  to read. Coincidence? I don''t think so. It was a sign. I started to read it right
  away when I was home again and I didn''t stop reading. I was in ecstasy. The book
  is about an Andalusian shepherd who has a repeating dream of a treasure waiting
  for him in Egypt at the foot of the Pyramids. But the shepherd doubts and thinks
  to himself: "Well I can''t leave everything I have here behind, my sheep, my life,
  my security, only because of a dream I had while I was sleeping." However, destiny
  or god or how you would like to call it opens doors for him and sends him people
  who encourage him to follow his dream. And when I finished the book I said to myself,
  I''m like the shepherd, I have to go to Spain, I have to go to Andalusia and follow
  my dream. This adventure is going to change my whole life. And so I did. I went
  to Sevilla in September 2017. I began an internship in a bilingual school for children
  from  0 to 3 years and I learned so much from those little heroes. They reminded
  me of my inner child, that still is there in my personality and that wants to explore
  the world. They pushed me to dream brightly and think about all the things I wanted
  to be when I was little. And since then I''m leading the life I never thought could
  be destined for me. I''m unconditionally happy and I have not only found the love
  of my life in that beautiful and colourful city, more important is that I found
  my voice, myself.'
