Title: Living Brixton; soundtrack of a young and vibrant district
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/living-brixton-soundtrack-of-a-young-and-vibrant-district
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Silvia Altobel
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: In High Barnet station, a train via Charing Cross leaves the platform during
  morning hours. Looking out the window, elegant houses and green spaces enrich the
  landscape, showing charming boroughs, inhabited mainly by Jewish families where
  a more rural architecture, is opposed to the proud and tall skyscrapers of the London
  city centre. From East Finchley station, the train disappears into the tube; it
  is the underground line beginning. Highate Station, Kentish Town, Camden Town, become
  just names tiled on a wall. Train stops seem all the same even if the names changes.
  On the railway carriage, someone talk in English, other in Spanish, others again
  in Italian, Arabic or Chinese. At Euston station, two flights of stairs connect
  the Northern line with the Victoria Line; destination Brixton. Tourists, Businessmen,
  students and normal people, move neatly to the other platform. After terrorist attacks,
  the security in the tube has been increased, as well as in the most important and
  crowded places of the city. When the train gets Brixton station, there are not many
  people on it. In Brixton where David Bowie, was born, liveliness and creativity
  are palpable and invite to discover the many facets of a young and cosmopolitan
  district. Emblem of artistic and cultural research is the Brixton Market Village,
  extremely scenic as well as full of flavours and stories. Into the market, little
  boutiques of design items, fabrics from the world, vintage clothes, jewelleries,
  and artisans are combined with cheap and vibrant Ethnic restaurants, whose flavours
  invite everyone to come in and order something to eat. Food such as Brazilian cassava,
  Colombian arepas, noodle soup, Ethiopian coffee, Mexican fajitas or Italian pizza,
  are just a small part of the wide gastronomic range of the market. Exotic fresh
  fruits and vegetables can be purchased in the pavilions, where bakeries and coffee
  shops offer refreshments with homemade cakes and sweets for every taste. Photographers
  and Artists show their talent through photos and pictures in eclectic galleries.
  In Brixton, the life appears frenetic and engaging, thanks to its independent cinema,
  the theatre, the recreational centre and the famous murals scattered through the
  streets; just the classic Lambert Town hall, inevitably acts as a contrasts with
  the surrounding landscape. On the return train, photos and video become real digital
  souvenirs of the trip, while the train leave Brixton, whose music will go on all
  the night.
