Title: Look down when you cross raods
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/look-down-when-you-cross-raods
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Joshua Elgar-Chetwyn
AuthorCountry: Great Britain
Text: The thing is when crossing roads, you look left. You look right, it's not really
  taught to look down. I stepped off a pavement in Valpariso, Chile, I fell down a
  uncovered man hole, only to be stopped by my armpits, I was perplexed as to what
  had happened, luckily I was uninjured. I had been travelling 2 months prior to this
  event, through Bolivia and Peru and all the other small towns in between. It really
  was the last thing I expected, well I suppose the whole trip was really. I had met
  the love of my life before she went to lean Spanish in Ecuador and I swiftly followed
  after I had begrudgingly finished my University degree. Everything happened so quickly,
  I knew I was in love and that was it, there was nothing that could stop me from
  joining her in South America. I booked my flights and I departed the UK for the
  first time on my own. I had no idea or expectation of what this continent was to
  hold, brute, beauty and sillion. Three and a half months travelling with the one
  you love changed me and changed my life forever, I returned home a person I knew
  was inside me. I landed in La Paz, Bolivia, a well rested day in the hostel and
  we were on our way to the next destination, Copacobana, a town on the edge of the
  highest lake in the world, Lago Titicaca, what rapture! To be on the Andean Altiplano
  and surrounded by ice capped mountains and almost untouched natural beauty. During
  the journey I was in a state of exaltation. I was free, there was an inexplicable
  feeling of overwhelming freedom, nothing mattered apart from being there in the
  moment and living each day. Many hours spent on the local busses moving from city
  to city and one internal flight, truly slumming it. Next was Arequipa, a white metropolis
  of Peru backed by desert and a volcano, Misti, which last erupted in 1985. Onwards
  to Chivay and the Colca Canyon. A 4 day hike and a day stop off at the natural spring
  lodge Llahuar, settled in the valley by the Colca River, it was very much a gruelling
  trek. Truly I can't tell you, or anyone really what it means to go travelling and
  experiencing a world so different and removed from Manchester, a northern city in
  England, I'd like to tell you about all the other little things that happened on
  the way and all the places I visited, but 2500 characters just doesn't cut it. So
  this trip of mine was the last thing I expected, but quite possibly the best thing
  I ever decided to do. I just didn't have the time to go to Argentina.
