Title: Lost and found at the Red Sea
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lost-and-found-at-the-red-sea
SetInCountry: Egypt
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Cristina Gomez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I have been captivated by the ocean from the first time I experience it, how
  could it not captivate me, it pulls you in with every sense. At one point I even
  considered to be a marine biologist. That is why diving sounded fascinating to me.
  I completed my open water diver certification at a quarry out of all places in Illinois.
  Armed with my new certification I signed through the internet at a day scuba trip
  in Marsa Allam while in Egypt. My diving group included  a couple that look to be
  equally lost as me, two brothers from Norway that were perfectly dressed with matching
  back packs and one man with a serious face that had a beautiful olive tan. I was
  paired as my dive buddy to the man with the olive tan that spoke good English and  told
  me he was from Ukraine. I felt nervous since it was only my third open water dive
  since being certified but tried to look as confident as possible. The start of the
  dive was as magnificent as I remember with the sun rays coming through like different
  doors to be crossed and marine life being curious and elusive at the same time.  We
  follow our guide very attentive not to lose our buddy system, while heading  back,
  and I needed to release air as we continue ascending something happened with my
  jacked, to this day it is not clear if I failed to release the air properly or the
  jacket had a failure, in any case, I lost control and like every picture or video
  I had seen while studying what not to do, I started to be propelled out of the water
  and if it was not for my buddy who reacted perfectly fast grabbing my right ankle
  and pulling me towards him to open the emergency release valve that during my panic
  I had absolutely forgotten it existed, it would have been a serious risk to my ears
  and lungs.  I was also lucky we were not as deep when the incident happened but
  what was not so lucky was that the guide had continued the return without noticing
  our absence, so here we were two lonely divers that slowly made it to the surface
  with no clue which way to swim back to our boat. Until this point I had not feared
  sharks or other sea creatures but a different sensation is when you feel your body
  being pushed by the waves in an open sky and literally in the middle of the Red
  Sea. Then the movie, deep blue, the images came through my head, never saw the movie
  but I knew the end....would it be the same, just at that moment a small motor boat
  came to our rescue and I taking a deep breath I murmured to myself, not today.
