Title: Lost or Found ?
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lost-or-found
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Angelica  Vaz
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I could hear shrieks and shouts, and screams too. Each time I heard one I  clutched
  my hands tighter, my heart pounding faster. I couldn''t see anything but could only
  hear screams, leave me alone I need some break. But the loud scream seemed to grow
  less and less, ended up in loud sound of horn. My body tensed and eyes opened, I
  was already on train travelling away.


  I saw the indicator outside my window written Dehradhun, my destination had arrived.
  After 36 hours of long journey from Mumbai to Dehradun didn''t tire me. The air
  in Dehradhun was unfamiliar yet calming. The chilly wind blow gave shivers and left
  goosebumps as mark. I boarded bus heading to Auli, Uttrakhand which is not discovered
  by many. During my journey to Auli, the passenger  beside me was sitting with a
  crying baby. The cry pulled me back to the sound of quarrel but this time I heard
  my own voice screaming. I could remember a lot of details. I could see it happening
  again. I was there explaining my parents about my extreme emotions about the life
  they chose for me. How I felt discontented and frustrated by not doing what I want
  to do. I kept on repeating same words but my parents only stared back to me and
  said, its part of life. I felt the room to breathe some fresh air but I still felt
  suffocated. I looked up in the sky, even the stars had lost its shine in busy hustle
  city life and that''s when I knew that I had to escape from here. I rushed back
  home, left a note saying don''t worry and a young student boarded the train.

  I snapped out of my thoughts when bus conductor announced the destination. I boarded
  off the bus and the traveller was amazed by the view. It was night when I checked
  in a home stay. The room was small but comforting, my eyes fell on intimate seating
  area front of fireplace which created a wonderfully cozy atmosphere and the room
  had huge french window from sealing to floor but could barely see out of rooms from
  inside. I couldn''t sleep all night wondering what is on the other side of the window.
  Hours passed and I saw sun gloriously greeting the snow capped mountain. I fell
  asleep while staring at the magnificent mountain. The moment I got up, I regretted
  when I realised it''s dark again. But when I looked up in the sky, I stepped back
  and lived my life there, the stars got back it shine.'
