Title: Lost in New Orleans
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lost-in-new-orleans
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Angela Carlton
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Late January, 2018 I decided to move back to California from North Carolina
  by driving across the country in a whirlwind road trip with my friend Ashley. We
  left within two days of my decision, with nothing planned except the first stop,
  which was to be New Orleans. I had lived in Europe for the last five years and had
  an affinity for the idea of a European-style city. We arrived around 8pm on a Saturday
  night. It was clear that the city was preparing for Mardi Gras, decorations of green
  and gold were already up and luminescent in the French Quarter. But we were slightly
  skeptical of walking randomly into the darkness in search of a late night eatery.
  Fortunately, our hotel was directly above a gay bar called Mags that happened to
  be in the full swing of a rancorous drag show. We stumbled into the bar, with lopsided
  grins and a definite "out-of-town" look. The owner of the bar shook our hands and
  said we were his guests, his manner was reminiscent of the film Birdcage. The barman
  suggested a sushi restaurant on the same block. After one round of perfect mojiots
  we trampled into the warm night. At the restaurant worked two really fabulous people:
  Sarah, a cute bartender with dark-rimmed glasses and a messy blonde bun who had
  some serious Tina Fey lesbian vibes and Jake, a thin, handsome hipster eager to
  show us the town. Jake met us later at a hip bar called Sidney''s Saloon. I shot
  Jake a text before trying my best to convince him to bring Sarah along, "you two
  are a dynamic duo," I said. But Sarah was too tired. Ashley raised her eyebrows
  at me saying she suspected Jake liked me. I shrugged it off and knocked back another
  rum-based drink. The bar was packed with en mode young people tearing up their Saturday
  night. The drinks were cheap but delicious, the music was eclectic and obscure,
  while the decor had nautical undertones and a ram''s head above the bar. The bar
  had a photo-booth, which the three of us crammed into happily alongside a handle
  Louisiana Bourbon, Jake bought. The night got slightly blurry after the next few
  cocktails. We went to Hi Ho Lounge situated on St. Claude''s Avenue, which was bustling
  with activity. For instance, across the street was a lively cabaret bar, perfectly
  typical of New Orleans. It was here that Jake leaned in to kiss me; but, I conveniently
  noticed Ashley buying fried chicken from a street stall and suggested we go join
  her. It was cool, we all did the obligatory Facebook adds, promising to hang out
  again.'
