Title: Lost in Venice
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lost-in-venice
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Elaine Baez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I was once told the best way to experience Venice is to get lost, but it never
  occured to me why.

  At 6pm in Venice, twilight brings a glow to Piazza San Marco. I bask in the elegance
  that blankets the square with the golden reflection of sunset bouncing from window
  panes to the lapping canal. Suddenly, my stomach rumbles, so my husband and I begin
  the search for food. As we disappear down a quiet alley to escape the bustling crowds,
  it opens to a romantically lit door that reads "Osteria Da Carla". Walking in, the
  hostess asks if we have a reservation. We don''t. We haven''t grown accustomed to
  the indulgent dinners in Italy, where they take a single set of reservations without
  expectation of table turnover. Thankfully, we are so early for the dinner rush,
  she says, "I can seat you at a table before the reservation arrives." Promising
  to eat quickly, she seat us. Dinner comes as a modern twist on the Italian I know;
  juicy duck with thin crispy skin and eggy pasta that''s dense, but smooth and buttery.
  Warming our stomachs with red wine, we admire this hidden gem of exposed brick,
  chandeliers and modern art, a perfect balance of old and new world.

  After dinner we wander, jumping from vaporetto to vaporetto; stroll among University
  students in San Toma, licking gelatos despite the damp fall weather. "Over the river
  and through the woods," we realize that we are completely lost! Checking Google
  and a paper map, it turns out Venice''s many tiny streets are not fully depicted.
  As we try to retrace steps, but see nothing familiar, we decide to let the city
  take us where it wills. Eventually, we find our way to an empty nook at the back
  of a water bus, when surprisingly we are joined by a boisterous Yorkshire lady and
  Irishman. They are older, a bit more intoxicated, and their aura is infectious.
  Having felt like outsiders during the trip, we''re thrilled to meet people who want
  to talk to us. We start sharing honest opinions on the cathedrals, then everything
  from our how-we-met-stories to the stresses of marriage. Their feisty combative
  humor even matches ours. Caught up in chatter we miss our stop; then a few more.
  We wind up back at San Marco taking in the picturesque view glistening in the growing
  mist. As rain begins to fall and the piazza thins out, we head toward our hotels.
  It''s like we''ve known these strangers for years with the secrets we''ve divulged,
  so we exchange seemingly empty promises to meet again. Months later we''d tour Yorkshire
  together as friends.'
