Title: Lost and Found
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lost-and-found-3
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anulekha Majumdar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The sun was blazing pleasantly among the clouds while a cool breeze blew.

  A group of us united outside the hotel in the morning to enjoy this new place called
  Trieste where we had arrived not long ago to attend a workshop. A few departed in
  search of inexpensive marketplace for buying souvenirs while a few others decided
  to relax around the stony beach. Left alone, I started contemplating going back
  to the hotel, apprehensive of being a lone soldier. Having never traveled alone
  before, the notion seemed scary but nevertheless enthralling. So I fixed my mind
  on a lesser known stalagmite cave, not far from the hotel. Streaked with the colors
  of adventure, I was ready to go, although unaware of the path to be taken.

  With the day still young, I strolled along the beach towards the train station to
  catch a bus, indulging myself in small fetishes while savoring my senses. As the
  wind from the Adriatic ruffled my hair, so did my heart jiggle on witnessing the
  cheerful dance of the local teenagers. A few locals greeted me while passing and
  I found myself inadvertently acknowledging them.

  Upon reaching the train station, I started my quest for the right directions. As
  the sun hid beneath the clouds, so did my hopes of finding this place, as language
  slowly became a barrier.

  With my hope already in tatters, I decided to approach a lady passing by as a last
  resolve. "Can you tell me the directions to this cave, grotto?" I asked, but alas
  she could not comprehend and decided to leave hurriedly. Dejected, I was just about
  to go back to the beach when an old lady with bright eyes came to me in excitement
  and started explaining something in Italian. I supposed that she needed some money
  and decided to ignore her. But as she persisted I felt conflicted. Wary at first,
  I thought of humoring her. Slowly she sat down on her heels while pulling my hand
  and picking up a stick, started doodling on the ground. Curiosity got the better
  of me and I decided to wait for her. And there it was, my way to go to the cave
  beckoning me towards itself from the traces of the motion of the stick. Helping
  her get back to her feet, I was rewarded for my struggles as her wrinkled face split
  into an ageless grin. As I thanked her with a sheepish grin and embarked towards
  my much awaited destination, she waved her hands in a gesture indicating to wear
  something warm.

  Buying a shawl from the nearby market, I felt my lips stretching while boarding
  the bus, the journey suddenly feeling much sweeter.'
