Title: Lost in the jungle of Kanha
DateModified: '2018-02-12'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lost-in-the-jungle-of-kanha
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Priyanka Samanta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'As a children I watched  and then read about the the fictional character Mowgli
  of Rudyard Kipling''s "The jungle Book" and since then had a fondness of  Mowgli.
  Like almost all the children I dreamt of meeting that naked feral child face to
  face, but destiny doesn''t allow me to meet him during childhood. Since then years
  passed and dust and rustiness settled on my dream and  I became aged. But somewhere
  my mind still  had some fondness and soft corner for jungle and that very slender
  kid. As life is not very kind to me and opportunities doesn''t come easily somehow
  I manage to go to Kanha forest in the central India as a solo traveler about an
  year back in January. I started in a chilly winter morning and reached Kanha forest
  by evening via Raipur in Chattisgarh. As I was very tired and reached when the sun
  is about to set I finally able to manage a guest house in the middle of Jungle outside
  the Mukki Gate of the tiger reserve. As there was almost no internet connectivity
  and very limited modern amenities I fall in love with the ambiance of the tribal
  village resort. As the afternoon safari only starts on 3PM I got ample time to chat
  with semi tribal and local villagers and came to know their day to day activities
  and how much they are aware of modern India. They showed me their cultivation and
  what they used it eat during winter and what they store for rainy season and summer.
  Generally in central Indian forests monsoon started little late like in June end
  or early July and last till November and generally this is period this region is
  deprived of tourists and wild life enthusiasts. Due to heavy mud and rain the animals
  are also getting enough food. So mostly they store dry vegetables for summer and
  rainy days and start using stoves for cooking as wooden fire is not possible those
  days.

  I met the local lad Heera Majee( name changed) who hails from tribal origin rather
  aboriginal and whose ancestry are dated back to early 1900 and they mostly inhibited
  here and occasionally come to tehshilder office and survived by wife and children
  and now owned one jungle suffrage car. My eays blinked and I found that may be his
  ancestors was my childhood hero Mowgli and I went down the memory lane. I made good
  rapport and they invited me for lunch and I had aboriginal lunch in aboriginal style
  and they packed me some veggies and we exchanged our phone number. With urbanization  tribes
  also lost their identity, but I found tribalness within them and promised to be
  back.'
