Title: Lovelypinay
DateModified: '2018-01-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lovelypinay
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Mae Lisondra
AuthorCountry: Philippines
Text: HI I'm Mae lisondra from Philippines , 23 years old , I been sending a application
  here before just to win this trip and trying if I will be the lucky person that
  your going to choose , I just travel only in the Philippines because I don't have
  enough money for it to travel the other country but my ambition is to travel the
  universe and meet a nice person this world or universe their traditions and cultures
  and of course I want to learn how to become a travel person in this universe . My
  favorite place that I visit here in Philippines is El nido , Palawan which is they
  have a nice beach , white sand , view of the island and friendly Filipinos . I really
  want to win this trip and I will be so lucky person in this world or universe if
  I win this trip and tour the America , they say the America is a nice place . I'm
  a student here in Philippines as a teacher but my dream is to travel the different
  country , 6 continent in the universe and explore the nice places on this country
  , I never try to travel in Asia but I hope I can travel this years and enjoy it.
  I wish and I hope I will be the most lucky person in this universe if you guys choose
  me , I'm a friendly person and a person who loves traveling . My English is not
  so good but I can still understand and  know it . In gods help I hope I can be a
  successful traveling  4 years from now . Anyway I been to a nice destination here
  in the Philippines which is oslob whale shark a famous place here in Cebu and a
  lots of tourist who come on this place , you can swim with the whale shark and watch
  them while swimming . The next one is Bohol they have a lot of tourist destination
  here , they have a nice beaches which is locate in Panglao ,Bohol and tarsier hiding
  on the trees and also the chocolate here in Bohol  . In this place there's a lot
  of tourism who live here for long time with gf or wife and having business here  .
  And bantayan island for me is nice too they have a white sand , friendly people
  and it would be a tourist spot for the Foriengner in 2 years from actually some
  Foriegner come there with friend and family . And the place that they called Maldives
  in the Philippines which is found in Manjuyog  Negros Oriental , thy have a nice
  beaches and you can watch dolphin too, and Dumaguite City is the tourist spot also
  with some Foriengner in the other country . I'm so proud of my country is not because
  there a lot of Foriegner here I'm just proud that they love my country.(it's more
  fun in the Philippines )
