Title: Love in Havana
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/love-in-havana
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Fiona Tapp
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'On our first night in Cuba, my friends and I took a bottle of bubbles and glasses
  down onto the dark sand and joined an impromptu beach party. I had no idea that
  I was about to fall hard.

  In fact, I fell twice on that trip to Havana. Once into an enormous gaping hole
  in the middle of the street, resulting in a deep gash to my leg. The second time,
  I fell hardest of all, for a man.

  As our drinks took effect, the bravest among the group stripped off and ran into
  the ocean for a moonlit swim. Suddenly only myself and one man were left, watching
  shyly as our friends splashed and laughed. He was tall, a Canadian and had huge
  feet in oversized basketball shoes. A distant crack gave us just a little notice
  before a deluge of rain began. Hot, splotches bounced off the sunshades and parasols
  as we dove beneath the cover to keep dry. The swimmers barely noticed and carried
  on undisturbed from their skinny dip.

  As we huddled close away from the reach of the rain, the awkward politeness was
  replaced by something else. By the time our friends returned to join us, breathless
  from their swim, they could tell something was different.

  The next day I looked for him at breakfast but I couldn''t find him, and we were
  late for our bus tour to Havana.

  By the time he woke up and started to look for me around the resort, I was already
  shopping in a marketplace, haggling with a vendor over the price of a painting.
  He found out from the tour operator where we were heading and as he didn''t know
  if we would return or if this was the last leg of our journey, he followed.

  We walked through the same market just hours apart. I soaked my bloodied ankle in
  the sink of the Hemingway bar before limping on to our dinner reservation, he would
  order a Mojito at the famous writer''s hangout a short while later. Once reunited
  we giggled at all the near misses and how he followed in my footsteps, yet managed
  to avoid the bottom of a giant hole. Too soon it was time to go home. Him back to
  Montreal, and me home to London. I had to bite my lip so as not to cry when we said
  goodbye.  I imagined that I probably wouldn''t hear from my Canadian again, after
  all, how many holiday romances really work out? But still, the world felt just a
  little more exciting and full of possibility.

  But I did hear from him, just hours after I got home from the airport, and then
  every day thereafter.'
