Title: Love is where you do not expect it
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/love-is-where-you-do-not-expect-it
SetInCountry: Korea South
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Marina Li
AuthorCountry: Uzbekistan
Text: 'Have you ever heard of the butterfly effect? When one spontaneous decision
  changes your life in the root as you would never have thought. So it happened to
  me. I decided to go to study in exchange for Korea, and at the same time to explore
  my ethnic homeland. Perhaps this was the most turning point in my life! It was the
  very moment when you took the first step to this land, you understand that this
  is what you so long ago lacked! Another country, another sky and another air. Everything
  was completely different. And I liked it. My journey began with discovering of the
  area near the university, and ended with all sorts of trips around the country.
  But the most important acquisition in this short period is a meeting and acquaintance
  with people who have changed my views, my preferences and my life as a whole. Despite
  our common ethnicity, we turned out to be completely different people: I am a person
  living in a Muslim country and adhering to this mentality, and they are people of
  a completely different worldview. But there is nothing to reveal the person as the
  common trip. And this trip brought me with a man of incredible intelligence and
  ambition, which eventually became the meaning of my life. This was the very last
  thing I expected to get in Korea. The most incredible feeling, when you are exploring
  a foreign country with the person who has become closest to you, has a very real
  sense of travel. The connection with a man who grew up in this country, who grew
  up with this culture, allowed me to understand much more deeply and subtly the Korea
  itself. Walking through the evening bazaars of Seoul, unexplored corners for tourists,
  trips to other cities for a more refined understanding of the history of the country,
  hundreds of photographs - this is what will remain in my memories for the rest of
  my life. I saw all the beauty of Korea, from the incredible scenery in every city
  and on the island of Jeju, finishing with the inner beauty of the people living
  there. This was my first independent journey and I am very glad that it allowed
  me to gain incredible experience in many aspects and showed me the real me and what
  I want from this life.'
