Title: Lunch with Takano
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/lunch-with-takano
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Austin Slater
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: '"Meet me by the Hachiko statue." These were the directions I was told by Ichiro
  Takano, an old friend of my parents. They had worked with him over thirty years
  ago at the Tokyo YMCA. I was in Tokyo at the end of my study abroad in Japan, having
  lived in Osaka for six months. Takano had expressed excitement at meeting me, so
  I took a train over to Shibuya Station and waited by the famous statue of Hachiko,
  the dog known for waiting for his owner at the station for years following his owner''s
  death.


  Upon meeting, he took me to a tempura restaurant in a shopping center. Takano was
  looking for some perfect daikon, which is a type of powdered root that you can dip
  tempura into. He said the restaurant''s daikon was okay, but I found the tempura
  delicious.


  Our next stop was the Park Hyatt Tokyo, which was where "Lost in Translation" was
  filmed. Instead of seeing Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson, however, we saw some
  tourists among a sea of Japanese faces. We made our way to a top-floor dining room,
  where visible in the distance was Tokyo Tower. Takano said that I should look into
  the newer, taller Tokyo Sky Tree.


  Takano took me to a fruit parlor for some parfaits, then to yet another hotel lobby
  for some cheesecake. I had not anticipated going on a food tour, and was taken aback
  for an hour or so, feeling I was missing out on some quality sightseeing. After
  our dessert was done however, he offered to take me to another restaurant for dinner,
  and I accepted.


  Takano helped me purchase a ticket for the Narita Express, the train that would
  take me from Tokyo to Narita Airport. He and I said goodbye, and I snapped a photo
  of us both to send to my parents. Days later, I decided to make a dash across town
  to visit the Tokyo Sky Tree. I arrived at dusk to learn it had closed two hours
  early for a private event. Having learned from the master, though, and not wanting
  a good opportunity to go to waste, I got ice cream.


  I do not remember the names of the places we ate, but I do remember the conversations.
  Traveling often on my own in Japan, I had gotten used to the isolation and cerebral
  introspection of being along in a massive city to explore. But meeting Takano for
  multiple meals made me feel more connected to the city through a friendship that
  now spans two generations of my family. It was a connection that I shared so briefly
  with the magical city of Tokyo, until I broke it off in the way that so many others
  do--by taking the train home at the end of the day.'
