Title: maasai diary
DateModified: '2018-02-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/maasai-diary
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: BARBARA MORONI
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: I'm looking out from the window of a pick-up truck watching the Monduli mountain
  range and find myself fascinated by the clouds all around Meru and Kilimangiaro's
  peaks. We are near Arusha, Tanzania, guests in an ONG camp created to study the
  territory. This morning we are heading to the Oldoinyo Sambu maasai market. A plateau
  of dry and barren land with a few wild trees. Everywhere people are dressed in cloths
  of the most varied colors and dusty sandals. Most of the men walk with a stick amongst
  the cows, goats and donkeys. They greet each other and agree on prices and exchanges
  goods. Children run or cling mothers' skirts. Women are sewing and laughing. On
  the ground there are very tidy expanses of sandals made from tyre rubber, various
  kinds of stiks, knives with fire-red sheaths. Jo, one of the two moran -young maasai
  warriors who must spend part of their life far away from their own village to develop
  life experience- who live and work in the camp, are talking with a boy. Suddently
  they come to explain to us that there is a problem in a nearby village. We all decide
  to go and see what's happening. We arrive at a bank on a dry river, and on its bed,
  we see a gnu with its back bloody and semi open. The animal, torn and terrified,
  is dying. His continuous trying to get up to run way only increases the loss of
  blood and pain. Two women and some children approach curious but seeing us they
  stop and remain on the other bank, hidden among the brambles. An old man, the tribal
  chief, worriedly  explain to us that the animal cannot move, but we must take it
  away from the area as soon as possible because in few hours it would have attracted
  the hyenas and other predators, thus endangering the village. The only solution
  is to kill it, first to stop his agony and second to be able to move it more easily
  away from there. The two young warriors move cautiously towards the animal and try
  to immobilize it by throwing pieces of cloth on his snout to cover his eyes. The
  gnu struggles but is too weak and, while one man hold it strongly by the horns,
  the second graps his neck, extracts the knife from the red sheath and without any
  sing of doubt or anguish, cuts the gnu's throat. Once having laoded the carcass
  on the back of the pick-up, the women and the children come back to the boma, the
  old man,grateful, says thank you and we leave. I stare again out of the pick-up
  window and taking a towel I wipe away the tears.
