Title: 'Mahabalipuram : where the stones narrate stories'
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/mahabalipuram-where-the-stones-narrate-stories
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Hetshree  Parekh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Mahabalipuram, also known as Mammalapuram is a small town located on the coast
  of Tamil Nadu, overlooking the Bay of Bengal and beside the Great Salt Lake. The
  town named after one of its greatest ruler Narsimhavarman || popularly known as
  Mamallan of Pallava Dynasty has monuments as ancient as going back to the 6th century.
  Mahabalipuram is a growing tourist attraction with large number of backpackers and
  history lovers visiting the place. The famous Shore Temple is believed to have built
  during the 6th century at a time when trade was believed to be booming in South
  India and various explorers coming in. The temple is believed to be one of the seven
  pagodas built for the traders to recognise the landmark. One distinct feature of
  this town is the famous rock-cut sculptures, temples and caves. Each rock in mammalapuram
  is said to have a story to depict as every wall of every monument signifies the
  social life, customs, traditions, festivals and the religious beliefs of that period.
  So much so that sculpting still remains the core occupation that people love and
  support with the town having specialised architectural colleges and a booming international
  trade for their famous single rock cut statues. While the stones speak of the past,
  Mala, a shop owner near the beach loves to listen to stories of the backpackers
  and the tourists as it makes her feel that it is she who has travelled the places
  she hears about. And as you go from one monument to another, you meet several local
  people, ready with a story to tell, ready to listen to one, hoping to etch it to
  their memory and sometimes on the stone too. Mammalapuram still remains one of my
  favourite places as it connects you to the past, while strongly standing to look
  forward to the future. 'The people are the place is the people' John Green had said.
  The more shops i explore, the more children i meet on the road always with a smile
  and ever so happy to chat, the more i see the sculptures in the monuments come alive
  and I realise that maybe it is developing its way into modernisation, but its heart
  remains of history and the land speaks of that. With beaches overlooking the bay
  and the walls with both scriptures and sculptures, you feel as close to home and
  as close to the past as you can. Nothing beats the awe hits you as you stand in
  front of Krishna's butterball, a massive boulder balanced on a small hill. And that
  is how the locals believe, that every once in a while, miracles do happen.
