Title: 'Majuli: A Paradise Lost In Time?'
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/majuli-a-paradise-lost-in-time
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Prerana A V
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Brahmaputra flows calmly in the wee hours of the evening, the sun glistening
  in its waters. Fishing boats and ferries, all return to the bank, as the darkness
  tightens its hold around the evening skies, marking the end of work for the day.
  I couldn''t help but be humbled, as my gaze met the barely visible outline of the
  distant mainland, overwhelmed by the sheer vastness of the river. It is these waters,
  strengthened with intensified current, that flood most of the island during the
  months of monsoon. With every passing year, Majuli shrinks giving away to the ever-expanding
  Brahmaputra. Far removed from the modern society, largest riverine island, Majuli
  continues to remain one of the most memorable places I''ve been to.


  Mask Making and Other Crafts


  Evening sun splatters a shade of orange in the sky, and I spot two people sitting
  on their front porch, their hands working on some unfinished masks, while the other
  masks are laid to dry up in the sun. Here in this satra, they are allowed marry
  and many have families. We enter a room where every corner is filled with masks
  and tools used to make them. They usually use bamboo for the frames and cover it
  up with cotton cloth, clay, and cow dung and paint it with vegetable dyes. I stare
  at those masks; such craftsmanship and detail; I could hardly resist trying them
  out myself. And there seemed to be no dearth of variety as well, some being face
  masks of two types based on the mobility they offer to the jaw, some come up till
  the chest and some are full-bodied containing two parts a head and a body. Goswami
  goes on about how the mask making business isn''t much of a profit, but he tries
  to keep this ancient art alive. Sometimes, his visitors order masks for themselves.
  They''ve been using these masks for plays depicting Krishna''s life and during the
  Raas Mahotsav, tradition as it is.


  The Welcoming Tribals, Villages and Life


  Women sit in a group, relaxing after a long day of work. At a distance, some women
  are winnowing as children run around, playing their games. A girl sits below her
  house, in middle of weaving cloth. This is a typical evening in a village of the
  Mishing tribe, one of the many communities inhabiting the island. Life is simple,
  yet difficult for these tribals. Resources and contact with the outside world are
  very limited and their villages flooded through most of the monsoon. They are originally
  immigrants from Arunachal Pradesh (they went missing from their home state and hence
  the name stuck).'
