Title: Make the world your classroom
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/make-the-world-your-classroom
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Luisa Nottebrock
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: It is quiet hard to start this story. All I know is that starting to travel
  made me see thousand of things from a whole new perspective. I remember it like
  it was yesterday when I walked through security at my home airport. Mixed emotions
  rushed through my body, but the feeling of freedom became stronger and stronger
  the closer I got to my first destination on the other side of the world. The first
  step into a whole new world was done. I was overwhelmed by the beauty and kindness
  of the places far away from home. One of the luckiest moments in the land down under
  was to realize how big the world actually is and how much there is yet to discover.
  Living is more than just going to work, paying bills and waiting for the weekend.
  Living is being, living is connecting, living is breathing, living is happiness,
  living is awareness, living is loving. Living is just so much more. The past years
  the world has been my best teacher. Mother nature taught me not only so much about
  myself, but also about others. Seeing places you have never seen before, sitting
  still in nature, making new experiences and connecting with the world - it all opens
  your mind and suddenly you see the world and your existence from a whole new perspective.
  But not only mother nature teaches you, but also the people you meet while traveling.
  I met the most interesting, kindest and craziest people. And I am convinced that
  I was able to learn a little bit from each of them. Different cultures, different
  ways of living and different personalities come together. But even though there
  are differences between every single person, you connect and you can learn from
  each other. I would have never expected that traveling would change me in such an
  enormous way. Every experience I made, good and bad, every person I met, every place
  I visited, all those things made me open minded and grateful for this beautiful
  world I am living in. You come home after your travels, but you realize that home
  is not only one place. It is the people, experiences and places you fell in love
  with and where you can feel the connectivity. Maybe it is also places you have never
  been to, but you are dreaming to go to. Everyone defines home differently, but after
  you have seen a different part of the world, you will always be curious what else
  this beautiful world has to offer.
