Title: Making Life Connections Abroad
DateModified: '2018-01-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/making-life-connections-abroad
SetInCountry: Belgium
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Jessica Moore
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: In the middle of July, small raindrops fell onto the wide vivid green spaces
  in this quaint European village. I had arrived in Limburg, Belgium, my new home
  for the next two weeks. But, I was not only on a vacation, I was on a work-vacation,
  that was situated in a castle named, Kasteelhoeve de Kerckhem. The property was
  owned by married couple, Tessa and Eric, who had a entrepreneurial dream of owning
  their own bed and breakfast. They completely renovated this old charming castle
  that had been abandoned for over 28 years while raising their two children. This
  was their dream job turned into a reality and I was soon going to be a part of that
  project. Since opening their business, the couple had invited people of all backgrounds,
  from everywhere around the world to participate in a work-stay. In exchange for
  accommodations in their charming b&b, work-stayers would help Tessa and Eric run
  operations. The last thing I expected from this work-vacation was that it would
  teach me about human connection.  For two weeks I worked alongside Monty, Nanne,
  Alice, Kacey and Jesse. From different sides of the world, everyone had a story
  to tell.  Kacey and Jesse were a young couple from Canada who proved that there
  may be such a thing as soulmates. Brothers, Nanne and Monty taught me about communal
  living and the value of creativity. And Alice, she became my closest friend.  I
  loved learning about her life in Italy. She taught me a lot about social politics
  and we would practice languages together. Before going on this solo trip to Belgium,
  I had never grasped the importance of face-to-face conversation. I was a student
  in marketing were our main focus was digital platforms and online media. In Belgium,
  I found myself rarely reaching for my phone. Embracing the fresh summer air and
  enjoying the company of others was my main focus. And even today, it is something
  I miss. In order disconnect, you need to connect with people.  In return, this experience
  was not like any other. I went looking for a life changing experience and, I found
  one.
