Title: '&#39;Making a local connection&#39; which is not local anymore'
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/making-a-local-connection-which-is-not-local-anymore
SetInCountry: Lithuania
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ruta Sketerskyte
AuthorCountry: Lithuania
Text: 'What is good travel story? Every good travel story is just story of happiness
  and satisfaction experienced by different traveller.

  For me biggest satisfaction while travelling comes from connections. Even if they
  are just a few seconds long eye contact made in the busy street. It''s about being
  open and honest with the person from different part of the world  when you have
  no idea from where how when they came here and why they are here.I met Cody  when
  i was in beautiful British Columbia, Canada. At that time i decided that i want
  to settle down for a couple of months in historic Victoria  on the coast of Vancouver
  island.  I was  already in the middle of my one year experience in Canada and oh
  my... i missed Europe like crazy. So when i visited Victoria, which is sometimes
  called North America''s most English city, my jaw was opened 24/7 and my brain was
  totally "in love" mode.  I started  working at the local English style pub serving
  shepard''s pies and bangers and mash. He trained me on my first shift at my new
  work.  Funny fact was that we had common friends back in a small Canadian town of
  Banff where i was living before. As i was new in town and didn''t know much,he took
  me to show around the town. I remember myself being so shy about asking him to show
  me Victoria''s Dispensaries, as i have never ever seen that in my life before.  I
  remember that was so casual for him, while i was so hyped and excited about it.
  There was a moment when our friendship started. We were smiling while watching at
  sparkling dresses and high heels wearing grandmas who used to come have fun to our
  pub on the weekend nights.  We were so excited when we both for the first time in
  our lifes went for crab fishing together, we bought all the equipment, we found
  a spot, we screamt when we catched them, we were upset when we needed to prepare
  them for cooking, but we did it. We also realised that we share the same passion
  for food, so we used to buy all those organic herbs and veggies from local store
  and make a huge cooking event. Now he''s travelling in New Zealand. Where i live.
  We already hiked sacred Maori mountains, we watched glowing worms at night, we took
  a dip in a hot stream river, we cooked again together on one of our campsites.  And
  you know what? I know there is more to come. I just don''t know where. But i have
  a feeling it''s gonna be in Europe.  It started locally, but isn''t all the travellers
  local to each other, right?'
