Title: Making a local connection to historic Wase rock
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/making-a-local-connection-to-historic-wase-rock
SetInCountry: Nigeria
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Gadole  Abdullahi Shehu
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: 'At one twenty-three PM local time, I was seated along side another passenger
  in the seat  in a commercial vehicle. About eleven kilometers away from Jos city,
  the Plateau State Capital of Nigeria.

  The vehicle, a Volkswagen saloon, had ten passengers; two passengers including the
  driver were in the front seat, four in the middle while the back seat had three
  with a baby on her mother''s lap.

  We were tightly seated only the driver was able to fasten his seat belt. This has
  become normal when traveling in a commercial vehicle, especially to rural areas,
  in Nigeria.

  We were moving towards southern part of the city when the driver wound down his
  side glass half way, and asked me and other two passengers seated near the car doors
  to also do same. Along the way the driver slowed down and immediately I saw hawkers
  coming behind, mostly women, that sell along the road side. Before one could imagine,
  crowd had covered the vehicle. They were bread vendors. Everyone was struggling
  to convince a passenger to buy his/her brand. Within four to five minutes without
  parking the car, the passengers had bought what they wanted to. "when traveling
  to villages one has to buy immediate foodstuffs that are not easily found''. One
  of the passengers casually said.

  We continued the journey towards making a local connection to historic Wase Rock,
  which is one hundred and eighty kilometers away. until quarter passed five Pm when
  we reached Wase, the local government headquarters.

  When I stepped out of the car I felt an electric shock from my soul to waist for
  lack of blood circulation. It was there I immediately  found a place and sat in
  front of a local restaurant in the motor park. I brought out a bottle of water from
  my handbag and asked a lady seating at the entrance of the restaurant, who obviously
  was the owner, if she had beans porridge and vegetable which I was eventually served.
  After I finished eating, I was seated there sipping from the bottle of water when
  my attention caught by a very tall rock, taller than any object in the town. The
  tall rock was the one that I went to make contact with.

  The next day, I was under the unique rock observing its beautiful creations and
  dangling movement of Gorillas, as they noticed strength live in their kingdom.

  The rock is about two hundred and fifty tall and it occupied over sixty hectare
  of land. It has back and front like shape; in the center of the town one can see
  its front side. One can see its back when coming from eastern part.'
