Title: Maria&#39;s Influence and Spread of Kindness
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/maria-s-influence-and-spread-of-kindness
SetInCountry: Guatemala
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Gina Eisses
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: In 2015 I was able to travel to Guatemala to volunteer and help local Guatemalan
  children in an impoverished community.  Coming to Guatemala I originally thought
  about the huge impact we would make on these school children.  On the flight leaving
  to Guatemala I pictured the children's smiling faces as we presented them with their
  newly painted classroom with all the school supplies they could dream of.  Upon
  landing and reaching our destination in Guatemala I was shocked with the amount
  of poverty and devastation there was in this community.  I could not help find myself
  emotionally and physically hurt from observing their harsh living conditions.  Despite
  these circumstances the local people, particularly in the school we had been working
  at, had an impressive way of showing love, happiness, gratefulness and generosity.  There
  was one child from the school we had been working at, who had continued to show
  these traits of love and generosity.  Her name was Maria, and everyday she would
  try and interact with us volunteers as much as she could.  At lunch, Maria would
  offer her lunch to share with me.  Maria would sit me down and start combing and
  braiding my hair without question.  Maria was 10 years old and her only clothes
  she owned were the ones she was wearing.  Her living conditions were extreme and
  despite this, her amazing charisma, positivity and giving personality moved me and
  others.  When leaving Guatemala I found myself not only moved but feeling changed
  with Maria's influence.  I thought I was going to help change the children's lives,
  but as it turned out mine was changed too. She showed me that I can give back and
  share kindness no matter what.  Even though I will never see Maria again, I am so
  humble for her ability as a 10 year old, to forever change my perspective on life.
