Title: 'Mates in Myanmar. '
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/mates-in-myanmar
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: William Kupfer
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: It was a blazing hot day high up in the picturesque Burmese hills. We had trekked
  for 2 out of 3 days, starting from the small town of Kalaw and finishing up in the
  famous Inle Lake. By lunch time on day 2, we racked up a total of 38km and I made
  the rookie mistake of wearing poor quality trainers. As a result, I suffered 4 blisters,
  2 on each foot. At this time, the blister on my heel was the size of a grape and
  each step sent a stab of pain through my foot. Sadly, this consequently ending my
  hiking. The group left me in a remote village consisting of a small tea shop and
  a few houses on each side of the dusty dirt road. I left alone suffering from the
  heat and blisters. I simply waited for a bus to take me to Inle lake, however I
  had no clue how long the wait would be. I sat on a table with my tea, treating my
  blisters, reminiscing about the last 2 days whilst also loathing myself for not
  using walking boots. A young man joined me on my table, he was a local farm boy,
  17 years old. His english was limited, and my Burmese non existent. The usual small
  talk took place, until football became the topic. Like myself, he was a big Arsenal
  fan. It hit me then that wherever you are in the world, football has the power to
  establish bonds and friendships. We talked, we discussed, we debated over football
  for about an hour until my bus came. On departing, we swapped details and to this
  day we speak each week after the football to discuss. Today he studies English and
  thanks me for making an effort to speak with him which encouraged him to improve
  his english. It just astounds me that we have become such great pals overtime due
  to what was for me, a negative experience. It sends a strong message that wherever
  you are, you should make a conscious effort to meet the locals, it becomes the warmest
  memory from my legendary Myanmar trip, and I thank him for coming to sit next to
  me that day.
