Title: Mediterranean tale
DateModified: '2018-02-14'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/mediterranean-tale
SetInCountry: Turkey
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Inna Dmitrieva
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: 'Limits, visible and invisible, are created to be overcome. My hotel is in the
  middle of nowhere, and it is the size of a small town: countless buildings and bungalows;
  a myriad of bars, cafes, and lounge areas; numerous pools of various designs; nice
  paved paths that go up and down and zig-zag and sometimes interweave creating what
  resembles an intersection with pretty damn busy human traffic; and of course its
  own beach, a gorgeous patch of land along the Mediterranean Sea. Happy tourists
  chill there, drink their cocktails, and get their sunburns. On either side, the
  same sand, palms, and sea but no one dares to leave the hotel''s beach. Well, that
  is why I was born. I cross the invisible border and go in the direction of nothingness.
  I have my ankles washed by waves, pick up bright-colored pebbles, breathe salty
  air, almost feeling how my lungs are getting filled with iodine. It would be a perfect,
  healing, meditative solitude, except I notice someone approaching me from the opposite
  direction. We get closer and closer, the plus and the minus, magnetism in action.
  I reach the middle faster than he does and in an attempt to trick fate, take a couple
  of steps left to better see the mountains. He passes by. Having had enough of the
  mountains, I realize that there is nothing else for me to do but to turn back and
  return to my hotel. He has stopped moving and is now sitting on the shore contemplating
  the azurite-like sea or whatever he is seeing in it. The powers that be, that decided
  we should meet, won. I am passing by and feeling almost obliged to say something.
  This pressure makes me mumble "merhaba", which in Turkish means "hello". He invites
  me to sit down near him. Down I sit. I can finally examine his face: oval, time-roughened,
  with wrinkles. It does not have the intrinsic wisdom of the elderly, but is astonishingly
  happy. He must be in his 60s. He bears an unpronounceable Turkish name and the smile
  of an imaginary elderly Indian fisherman I made the main character of my old poem.
  For the next half an hour we try to communicate, mostly by gestures, smiles, and
  drawing on sand. He drives a car, loves swimming, and is not married. I am thinking
  that were I able to speak his language, we would be having a normal conversation.
  Normal, but not the one I am enjoying so much. Finally, I get up and decide to go.
  He gesticulates and draws a clock. He asks me to come here tomorrow at noon. I shake
  his hand and smile at him, knowing that I will not do that.'
