Title: Meeting Muslims in Malaysia.
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/meeting-muslims-in-malaysia
SetInCountry: Malaysia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Nina Croft
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'I sleepily disembark from the bus. The 5+ hours from Kuala Lumpur feels longer
  when spent driving the dark, winding roads to Mersing. Despite the bus driving through
  the night, sleep seldom comes. Nerves, I''m sure

  This would not be my first trip to Malaysia, however this corner is new. I''d not
  been to Mersing then, so while familiar with some of the country this was a new
  adventure. I opt to walk from the bus station to the ferry port. It sounded easy,
  but I was tired. The sun was blinding and hot. I start walking, while a helpful
  local offered assistance. I tell him where I''m headed, and sure enough he points
  me in the direction I was headed.

  After 2 minutes I''m barely off that road, my backpack is already weighing me down
  and digging into my shoulders. A motorbike pulls up, it''s the same local who helped
  before. He offers me a ride, but the bike is small and I have 2 backpacks. He persists,
  it''s difficult to decline. I accept, and as quickly as I raise my leg to climb
  on my backpack pulls me back to the ground.

  I''m embarassed and injured, my elbow bleeding and my ankle awkwardly twisted and
  sore. Now I really can''t walk further, so with his help and the help of a few others
  I manage to successfully make it onto the bike. After a few moments, the breeze
  wakes me up a bit and we arrive at the jetty. He helps me from further embarassment
  as I stumble off the bike and limp toward the ticket counter. Once my ticket is
  in hand and I''m pointed to the registration counter, I assure my driver that I''m
  fine from here. He''s hesitant, but I persist. He leaves. I''m on my own, but already
  I feel connected to the locals.

  I find my way to the waiting area. I''m exhausted and hot.

  I would work and soak up their culture for the better part of 2 years. I would meet
  local restaurant owners who could whip up a mean plate of calamari or spicy fried
  noodles. Even the pizza and fish n chips were pretty damn good. I would befriend
  muslim women in head scarves (even having one gifted to me) and dive shop owners
  alike. I would regularly see, though certainly not befriend, monitor lizards. I
  would attempt (and often fail) to learn and speak the language, much to their delight,
  humour and surprise. I would gladly devour spicy food, also to their delight and
  surprise, and it would often be humourous as, to them, us westerners can''t handle
  the heat. I admit, I couldn''t always.

  Malaysian islanders are wonderful; almost unnaturally kind and helpful. The outside
  world doesn''t bother them.'
