Title: Meeting an Old Friend In a Monastery Far, Far Away
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/meeting-an-old-friend-in-a-monastery-far-far-away
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sudhakar Gupta
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, only to
  reach a dead end with a hundred foot drop down a cliff. The hike from Keylong to
  Kardang Monastery was supposed to be a simple one without any turns and certainly
  without scary precipices. "Go down the path next to the hospital, cross the footbridge,
  and climb for an hour" were the only directions.


  This was my first trip to Keylong, a small Himalayan town at an elevation of 10,000
  feet. I had accompanied my parents to a volunteer medical camp intending to explore
  the town while they worked. An 800-year-old monastery on the opposite hill sounded
  perfect, which brings me to the edge of that cliff. Having tried Mr. Frost''s way,
  I traced my steps back to the fork and finally regained my breath as the shrubs
  cleared onto a wider trail dotted with wildflowers. It was a cold day with the sun
  shining brighter than I was used to. After crossing the river, the rest of the trail
  climbed through newly harvested terraced fields, thankfully without any tricky bends.
  It was steeper than I had expected, but seeing an old farmer carrying a load run
  past me was motivation enough to quicken my pace. Two long hours into the journey,
  I was rewarded with my first sight of the blessed monastery.


  As I made my way to an open courtyard hanging over the valley, a kindly looking
  monk, M, approached me. Perhaps because I was the only visitor and visibly out of
  breath, he offered me a bowl full of salted butter tea which I gulped down gratefully.
  A second round followed, and I discovered that M was just as curious about my life
  as I was about his. Hoping to repay his generosity, I insisted on washing my bowl
  and he happily agreed.


  M explained that the temple was closed to public at the hour as it was time for
  their midday prayers. However, he said he''d be glad if I joined, an unexpectedly
  generous invitation that moved me. I had only hoped to see the temple and click
  some pictures. Instead I was being offered a chance to witness an age-old ceremony
  that few get to attend. A group of monks soon appeared and we entered the most colorful
  room I had been in, with murals depicting Buddha''s life all around us. M introduced
  me to the congregation as one would an old friend, and we all settled down around
  the altar. I will never forget what transpired over the next two hours, chants and
  sounds unlike any I had ever heard. Also etched in my memory is the sparkle in M''s
  eyes, and a smile that still lights up my heart.'
