Title: Mind Travel
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/mind-travel
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Cade  Baccus
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I was on a cruise around Mexico, when I accidentally visited Indonesia. I had
  discovered that the back bar on the cruise ship stayed open until late, and, some
  of us enjoy our late night fun just a little more than others. Most nights, everyone
  would leave, and I would be the last person sitting at that bar, with the Indonesian
  bartender, whose name in Indonesian I could never quite get right, due to the late
  night fun, but who told me from the start to call him David. David told me all about
  how the cruise ship worked. He told me how the school for ship captains was in Greece,
  so most of the captains were Greek or Italian, and how the guys that worked in the
  vodka bar were Ukrainian and not Russian, but no one was really going to check anyway,
  so it did not matter. However, the best times with David were when he would discuss
  Indonesia. He would just drift away, and he could take me there with him every single
  time. He told me that his favorite stop on the trip was Progreso, because there
  was a market there where he could get ingredients to cook dishes he enjoyed from
  back home, and he let me try some Satay he had made one night. We discovered we
  both enjoyed running, and David described to me what running on the beach was like
  in his home country. David told me how in Indonesia, it was expected that people
  take care of their elders in their later years, so his parents, and his in-laws
  lived with he, his wife, and their five children in a house half the size of the
  one in which my family of four and I lived. David and I discussed religion. He was
  Hindu, and I had been raised Protestant. In the end, we discovered that we both
  believed what was most important was that people love each other, and take care
  of each other, and treat each other with respect as much as possible. On the final
  night, I was tired and got up to go back to my cabin an hour and a half earlier
  than the bar closed. David looked at me imploringly and said, "But the bar is not
  closed."  I told him that I appreciated the connection we had made, and I appreciated
  that he too realized it was a particularly close one. I am not sure why I nor he
  never thought to exchange some way in which to continue corresponding, but we did
  not. Perhaps we both new it was just a one time connection that would not work away
  from the ship, where it had occurred. In the end, We shook hands, he thanked me
  for the company, and I thanked him for taking me to Indonesia, because it was one
  of the best trips ever.
