Title: Mohawk way of life
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/mohawk-way-of-life
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Violeta Radovic
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: I have always been fascinated by Native Americans. Because of my life long desire
  to meet them, I have made a sole purpose of going to Montreal, Canada to do exchange
  course at the Concordia University. I've just arrived in Montreal and I got in touch
  with a Canadian girl who knew Native community. She put me in touch with the guy
  named Flint Eagle. He lived on the Kahnawake reserve, about 16 km from Montreal
  and was one of the spokesman for this Mohawk community. After arranging to meet
  Flint the following day, I was on my way. The reserve was like a small village with
  houses scattered around, it was a sunny, cold day with a snow covered ground. As
  I knocked on the Flint's door, somebody shouted from the roof and as I looked up,
  this guy jumped in the front of me, a 6'4'' foot man with a wild mohawk hair was
  indeed Flint Eagle. His house was warm and lovely, he asked me what I was interested
  in and we talked for hours. We had coffees, teas, lunch and dinner and I was still
  there. Flint is an actor and a stunt man. I hardly noticed I was there the whole
  day, and Flint offered me to stay in a spare room as it was late to get back to
  Montreal. We stayed in touch and spoke daily until Flint invited me for a date and
  we started dating. It was not my plan but the attraction was strong. I was on a
  Journalism course and I was keen to do work experience. I have heard that the local
  radio station at the Kahnawake reserve was great. One day I went to the station
  and asked to speak to the editor. When I told him I wanted to do a work experience,
  he was a bit apprehensive. He said there are no spare computers or chairs, but I
  was adamant. He agreed that I can come once a week. I was running around with a
  microphone doing small stories.Once I had to go to cover the foreign visit where
  the chief and other members of community met up with Brazilian Native community
  representatives. In this community the police are called peace makers. The Brazilian
  presentation was keen to copy this model. I soon became the main attraction as nobody
  could understand where I was from and each side thought I was with them. It was
  a heart warming experience.  People stopped me on the streets to talk,I felt privileged
  and honoured to be so well accepted. My stay was sadly cut short as I had to go
  back as my birth country Serbia was under the NATO attack. I was sad to leave, Flint
  was equally devastated. We stayed in touch and met last year when he came to Glasgow
  to do a film,17 years later.
