Title: Monserrat
DateModified: '2018-02-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/monserrat
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: cody  adams
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: My story starts in 2016 in a town not far from Valparaiso, Chile. I was volunteering
  working on a permaculture farm helping to prepare for festival nomade, a small,
  intimate two day event of music and arts. The festival attracted volunteers from
  all over Chile that originated from all around the world, places like Germany, France,
  Australia, and even some people from North America. There was always a steady flow
  of volunteers coming and going because one of the conditions of volunteering was
  that you only needed to work for one day to get a free ticket, and if you wanted
  to stay and work for your food and accommodation that was also allowed. One day
  in the coming and going of people I noticed a girl who had a different air about
  her, almost an ethereal presence. Her name was Monserrat, or Monse for short. She
  was from a place called Pucon, about 8 hours south of where we were. I wanted to
  know her, even being in her presence was enough for me but with my being unable
  to speak Spanish I could never talk to her or get to know her on the level that
  I wanted. Over time I slowly improved in my Spanish but still was only able to communicate
  on a very basic level, but that didn't stop me from trying my hardest to flirt and
  have some cheeky banter with my Chilean dream girl. Cut to the second night of the
  festival, after some "special" cakes that were baked by a woman from a local community
  to sell at the festival I found myself alone with Monse sitting by the fire when
  everyone else went to watch a performance. We were sitting close together to keep
  warm in the winter cold, but all I could focus on was the electrical storm I could
  feel charging inside me at being so close to a true angel on earth. I didn't know
  how to read the situation, due to the language barrier i was never sure if she was
  just being polite or she was actually interested in me and it caused a bit of nervousness.
  I decided that there was only one way to find out and since I'd wondered what it
  would be like to kiss her ever since I met her I wouldn't forgive myself if I didn't
  try. So that's what I did, I touched her cheek with my hand and pulled her face
  close to mine and as soon as our lips touched I could feel every single nerve in
  my body jolt with the sheer power of something so simple as one kiss. I was immersed
  in a love so pure that to describe it in words could not do justice to something
  so powerful. I left Chile 2 months later, carrying memories of a love that can't
  be described.
