Title: More Than Just A Lens Filler
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/more-than-just-a-lens-filler
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: James Gillam
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: 'This wasn''t our usual style of travel. Cheap flights, $8 a night accommodation,
  and a sense of familiarity took us there. We got off the plane without knowing even
  the most basic Khmer. Our trip to Thailand merited a whole month of language training
  but this trip, or so we said, was just for us.


  We more happened upon Tuol Sleng than we did take a trip there. We''d seen the usual
  sights in Phnom Penh; visited temples, ate street food and bartered for cheap knick-knacks,
  and this seemed little more than a recommendation from one of the hundreds of local
  Tuk-Tuk drivers scalping for our business. It was almost like we felt we had to.
  You can''t come here and not learn about the Khmer Rouge. The Killing Fields were
  the most popular. The sight where thousands were slaughtered by the regime that
  was equal parts ruthless and paranoid. But the place they went before they got there
  is what changed me.


  Tuol Sleng was a slap to our slightly tanned faces. 20,000 people people came through
  here yet seven were known to have barely survived the place. This was the torture
  prison set up by the Khmer Rouge for anyone they deemed likely to oppose them. And
  this was far from an exclusive group. All you had to do was be a Kiwi whose yacht
  happened to sail into the wrong waters and you''d be accused of as a CIA agent.
  All you had to do was wear glasses or have soft hands and you''d be suspected as
  an academic, a sin that held the death penalty. All you had to do was work for the
  previous government and you were guilty.


  I could have gleaned any of the generically profound revelations from Tuol Sleng.
  The irony of a high school, a haven of learning and growth, being turned into a
  place of regression and misery. The cruelty of the barbed wire set up on the balconies
  of the top floor so desperate to keep the people from flinging themselves to their
  own deaths and taking their ''secrets'' to their crudely dug graves. But for me
  it revealed a scathing commentary of millennial travel culture. For our parents
  it''s things. The newest house or car would can their status. For us it''s stories.
  The craziest, most foreign stories from our travels push us up the social totem
  pole. When we travel, we search for stories. But Tuol Sleng isn''t one of my stories.
  It''s not what I tell the people back home about my trip.


  We spend our trips trying to see the real world. Well this is it. We who are mobile
  shouldn''t simply try to float through the world, leaving it untouched. We should
  be the change.'
