Title: Mud, Massage and Hermanas
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/mud-massage-and-hermanas
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Grace Carpenter
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'The first weirdest thing about Colombia that I learned, I''m not sure if they
  do this in other countries in South America as well, but drivers make you get out
  of the vehicle when they fill up with gas. I am talking taxis, buses, Ubers, you
  name it, when you arrive at a gas station everyone HAS to get out. I never managed
  to figure out why. I mentioned this note because as I think of my experience in
  this tropical, mysterious and friendly country I have moments of memories that come
  to me in the most vivid way. The real story I would like to tell takes place at
  one of the cheesiest and most touristy things you can do when you visit Cartegena
  - the walled city. This even is just outside of the city, at the Totumo Volcano.
  Now this isn''t an ordinary volcano - it is filled with mud. As you arrive you see
  a wooden staircase covered in a layer of thick dirt and mud, there is about 30 stairs
  up a hill, it doesn''t look like much. Surrounded are locals, who I am sure just
  come for a laugh at the tourist. The mud is said to be amazing for your skin and
  they even sell it to go! In reused plastic water bottles. I don''t think that they''ll
  let me take that onto the plane. We stripped down to swimsuits and all got into
  this 20x20 pit of mud, with about 10 other people. Try to reach the bottom, surprise!
  You can''t! It was like floating in chocolate pudding, but you don''t want to get
  in your mouth, and somehow it is anti-gravity, it just pushes you to the surface.
  There is nothing to hold onto and you can''t help but get pushed toward other slimy
  people.

  Next it was time to get out, as you climb the ladder a Colombian man squeegees you
  off with his hands, you don''t receive a choice in this so get comfortable with
  being touched by a stranger, it has nothing on what comes next. We then began our
  way down to the water where the local women are waiting to help you wash off. Between
  the laughter of watching Kristina''s face be aggressively cleansed by a woman''s
  hand and by being washed underneath my swimsuit by another woman I experienced the
  most memorable and unexpected spa retreat of my life; where else can you get a mud
  bath and a personal body cleanse for under $15? And as for my skin, well after 3
  weeks of sweating profusely in the Colombian humidity the mud managed to dry out
  most of the blemishes I had received along the way!'
