Title: Mumbai - is it city of dreams ??
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/mumbai-is-it-city-of-dreams
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Samarth Oghani
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I'm from India and I heard so many times, Mumbai is city of dreams. Suddenly
  one day I have a one doubt in my mind "is Mumbai city of dreams ?!". So I packed
  up my bag and travelled to the Mumbai. Mumbai is small in area wise but it's very
  huge. It's divided in so many different different areas and every part of it has
  different story. So there are too many things in front of me, and I don't know how
  I'm gonna find my answer. I just roam around, see different places and try to communicate
  with local people, but everywhere I got negative response. One day at evening time,
  I'm so tired and going back to my stay. On my way I have to cross slum area. I'm
  just walking normally and I saw three little babies around 7-8 years old are standing
  near a door of a house and watching something. I got curiosity what's so interesting
  going over there and I go there to check out and I found my first positive answer
  of my question. I saw very small room hardly two people can live, and saw a boy
  is practising his dance. We had a small conversation and from it very few things
  I got to know about him. He is 15 year old and work at a restaurant for his food
  and also work at railway station at night. But all this thing he have to do for
  provide food to his family. His family dont have money to pay fees, so he is not
  studying. But he loves dance and he has hopes that he can be a famous dancer, so
  whenever he gets time he practice dance for his dreams. After this incident I got
  to know ya people are not wrong about Mumbai is city of dreams. But I didn't get
  what exactly I want for my question. So still I'm in Mumbai and searching for my
  answer, my journey is going on and having different experiences, good - bad both.
  But I'm loving it, I love travelling.
