Title: 'My City of joy '
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-city-of-joy
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ayantika  Paul
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Kolkata ! The city of joy where Literature , heritage , culture everything flows
  through every street and every lane in Kolkata . The first capital of India during
  the British rule and filled with rich history . I am living in kolkata for last
  18 years .This is the city where I first experienced my heart-break , My first job
  , my first friendship , it all started here . Firstly this is a place where is no
  division of religions when there's famous Cathedral Church , there's Nakhoda masjid
  and there's numberless Temples even there's a little Temples everywhere in the lanes.
  Kolkata is mostly divided into two origin by the Bengali sarcastic brains , those
  are North Kolkata and south Kolkata . so south Kolkata is considered as the modern
  part of Kolkata and North Kolkata is quite old cultural Kolkata where lies the ganga
  banks and the famous 'Kumartuli' . So the most knowingly 'Ganga Ghats' are the favourite
  place for every couple and the beautiful sunset makes it picture perfect and also
  The sovabazar Rajbari holds its charm of pure Royal culture . Every part of Kolkata
  comes alive when it comes to ' Durga Puja ' , A seven days of Bengali vacation which
  every Bengali waits for .The streets are filled with lightings and crowds and "The
  scent of Durga Puja " . Sindoor khela is part of Durga Puja that attracts the whole
  world to visit Kolkata at once during Durga Puja , Devi Durga symbolises The power
  of a women and the pratima holds the rage and the beauty altogether And The incredible
  Victoria Memorial is beautifully proportioned festival of white marble and i took
  a horse carriage ride outside this place . There's Howrah bridge that connects two
  sides of the river , I walked through the sidewalks and I was just amazed by the
  beauty of the city . There's also the place for every bookworm , that's College
  street . I took a Tram ride and felt the heritage . Jora sako is a the birthplace
  of Rabindranath tagore . Bengali people are totally fond of food and sweet , I've
  tasted the perfect Rosugulla and I can understand why they are so obsessed with
  sweet . yet there's so much to see in Kolkata , so much to taste and so much to
  feel . For me Kolkata is an emotion , The more you see it the more you fell in love
  .
