Title: 'My enemy was the cold '
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-enemy-was-the-cold
SetInCountry: Sweden
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Alexandros  Mylonas
AuthorCountry: Greece
Text: Not for the first time on this trip Tom felt he had been born in the right place,
  he wasn't meant to go through this cold. The weather may have been cold in Italy
  but it was nothing like the north conditions, now he is lost in a gloomy forest,
  the snow is falling for a long time, he must find some woods to make a fire before
  he die from cold. During he's flight he was listening to black metal band named
  Immortal, they had a song about frostbitten, what a irony, with struggle he found
  some woods but he can't make up fire his fingers were frozen, with no lighter only
  a few rocks. For an hour he was hitting the rocks but he had no luck, suddenly he
  heard a noice, he put his hand in his pocket looking for his knife, if there was
  wolfs or a bear he will die for sure, the trees were to high and too difficult to
  climb, the noise is getting closer, Tom is starting to pray to be a man and not
  a bear, it was a dog, a big hairy one, it must be a St. Bernard but what it is doing
  in the forest, it has no leash, maybe it was lost. The sun was hitting Tom straight
  in his eyes, he was still alive thanks to the dog, it fell asleep with dog in his
  arms it kept him warm during the night, now he must star to walk if he is lucky
  enough to find a village or someone to rescue him. The dog was full of energy but
  Tom was starving to death but he must keep walking, he has no other option, the
  dog had no idea were we were going he just following Tom, it must be three hours
  and still nothing on the horizon, Tom found a long peace of wood and sat down to
  rest, the dog started to barking like it was telling Tom to keep walking. After
  an hour he saw a city in a long distance, the dog knew it after all, but now it
  was angry something was bad was close, it was a white wolf with yellow eyes, the
  dog run into the wolf, the wolf had a strong bite but the dog fight with more passion
  and he won. Tom was staring the poor dog, it was wounded and he had lost a lot of
  blood, he took the dog in his arms and he started running with all his strength,
  finally he made it to the city and there he collapsed. When he is opened he eyes
  he saw  that it was in a hospital, he get up to find a doctor, a nurse told him
  that the dog was alive, with a smile he asked when can he see it. Tom after this
  adventure he will consider very hard to travel again in such cold places, maybe
  Spain or Portugal next time, he kept the dog, he named him miracle, it was saved
  his life up there. Now Tom and miracle are staying far from cold.
