Title: My first trip, my greatest achievement
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-first-trip-my-greatest-achievement
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Felipe Martins
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'On August 19, 2016, I was traveling to Ireland. I was going to spend 21 days
  in a country different from my country in many aspects. And that challenged me a
  lot, it put me to the test not only for these reasons, but also for being my first
  trip, first flight, finally my first international experience.

  I prepared me intellectually and financially. And also planned each trip detail.

  How nice to sit in bed on a Sunday afternoon pick up the notebook and search the
  local culture, the places to meet, the favorite sports of a country that until recently
  I had no idea existed.

  When I shared my desire and my almost concrete plan with my mother , she immediately
  contradicted me and said "You won''t, there is dangerous and you don''t know anything."
  Sure, I didn''t agree, but I respected her and moved on with my idea.

  Another aspect that limited me a lot, was the financial. How can a newly formed
  22-year-old boy who just hired with initial salary of 1600 reais per month to pay
  a trip? Yes, the only viable solution was divide the payment into several installments.

  - Birth of a dream

  During my college course, I made several friendships. And one of the best things
  was to meet Lucas Bombo. A kind, respectful and very polite guy.

  I was recently dismissed from my job and received a certain amount of money because
  of the termination.

  One day we were talking and I said that I would like to do something with that money,
  some investment, but I had no idea what until then.

  He told me about the exchange. I got interested and I spent years ripening the idea.

  - Performing a dream

  When the big day came, that decision still put me to the test.

  When I landed in Dublin, I quickly noticed the unstable weather, cloudy and it was
  selling a lot. In the flight I met some Brazilians who talked a lot and spoke loudly.
  So it was inevitable don''t notice. I was a little apprehensive about immigration,
  worried about my English, but it was fast and quiet.

  Ready. I was finally in Ireland, living what I imagined for a long time, I was inside
  my dream!

  There were 21 days of challenges on challenges. And it all started with a decision
  made from a dream.

  When I made that decision, I knew the scale of the challenges I would have to face,
  that I would have to get out of my comfort zone and pass some difficulties. However
  I didn''t know if it was going to be worth it in the end. And disappointment was
  a possibility.

  But the only certainty I had was that these doubts would be clarified just by going
  forward.'
