Title: My first journey
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-first-journey
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Maninder Gill
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Famous amongst the bikers, Leh Ladakh is is a spot for them.Nestled among the
  snowy mountains lies the village of Zaskar, a village far away from the world, with
  no roads n a river being it's only source of travel to and from the nearest town.I
  did not travel there as a biker but with few friends. I had already had it embedded
  it in my mind a must visit to a lonely residence. My frnds and me reached Leh about
  noon one fine day and stayed in a hotel. I already had that awsome feeling one has
  before achieving something. The next morning i got up early, put on some really
  comfy clothes and went out to wake up my newly made friend who would be taking me
  up to the village. We started our journey on foot and reached the frozen river which
  was a way to climb up there. We slowly made our way over the ice and trekked up
  the hill , through the overgrown shrubs and herbs , and at a distance i could see
  the shabby houses kept close to each other as if someone had purposely put them
  that way. It was beautiful. When we entered the village I could see the happy villagers
  going about their chores and the children running around with their hair tossled
  around and happiness in their faces. It filled me with immense joy. We were to stay
  with my frirnd's friend's family, so we moved up to their house and went in. The
  house seemed to be small from outside but it was spacious inside and one could see
  the besdroom, dining room, kitchen all in one place. The mother was already over
  the fire cooking food, children were outside playing and father had gone to the
  town to get the goods. For the first time in my life i experienced the pleasure
  that I had been seeking for so long. That night I ate to my heart's content and
  lay down under the stars and heard the sounds of various creatures which felt like
  a lullaby in the wilderness. The next morning I met the people around, made friends
  , inquired about their lives and how do they manage it. I had wanted to experience
  their lives and I did. Their stories,connections , love filled my heart with gratitude
  and himbleness. I went their as a just another being and came out as a human being.
  I love that place and its people and the children and the whole of the nature in
  itself which provides them with the things that we dream of in our big cities.
