Title: My Fairy Tale kind of Life
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-fairy-tale-kind-of-life
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Miran barry
AuthorCountry: Israel
Text: 'For my 24th birthday I gave myself the best gift I could - Myself.

  Some will say I was running away, some will say I have been breaking conventions,
  some might "she''s brave" others "a coward",

  But I was the only one to know what it really was.

  I had everything.

  A boyfriend, supportive family, a place to call home, real good friends. Everything.

  Only one thing was missing, for quite long and it was calling me screaming from
  inside, like a ball of fire, like a spark, it''s a passion - It''s me. And I was
  the only thing that was missing.

  It took me a while to figure it out so when I did I broke conventions, I plucked
  some courage up and took this man-made kind of bird to the farthest place I could.
  The only thing I had with me was Me.

  I''ve been wandering around for 3 weeks before I made a decision to take the bus
  and just let the roads take me wherever.


  2 days later I arrived to Gumleaves, a holiday park in the bush.

  "This place is magical, May, it''s like a fairy forest I wanna live here" I said
  over phone while settling down.

  My little room in the end of this park has only bed, septic toilet are 10m away
  and a little kitchen in the front. The manager coming to show me the place and we
  are having a small talk I''m asking about the place and as we keep talking I''m
  asking for his name. And he must had never answered this question as I can swear
  all he did was smiling a very charming smile. so I have been polite

  "sorry, what was your name again"

  "Damien" he said.

  I offered him some help, as traveling alone can be boring sometimes and I was trying
  to get involved with the locals, however he never seems to take my offer.

  Next morning I left early, leaving a note on my door:

  "Hi, I''m doing this short walk you''ve told me about, will be back soon, might
  be late for checkout, sorry, Miran"

  Back at 12pm, the note was still there assuming he hasn''t been here, I packed my
  staff up and started walking this 2km to reception. He was there.

  "sorry" I said "I did leave you a note but you don''t seems to be care. anyway I
  haven''t made it to the top, I''ve got lost and had a big monkey chasing me and.."
  in this point he just couldn''t stop laughing "we''ve got no monkeys in here, the
  voice you heard was a bard name Kookaburra and the steps with the long tail was
  probably a Kangeroo. but anyway, how is it to grow up in Israel?" this little question
  led me to my fairy tale kind of story - my new home away from home.'
