Title: My first step
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-first-step
SetInCountry: Ukraine
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Mykola Hrinishyn
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: Klitschko, Chernobyl and Shevchenko, is that all you know about Ukraine? In
  fact, there are some places to look at. So, my story started with the fact that
  somehow on the Internet I found a photo of one amazing place called Bakota. Since
  then, this place has become my little dream. The fact is that in the last century
  there was a village, but due to the construction of the HEPS, it was flooded with
  the Dniester. Anyway, tickets to the train were bought and in the June night I had
  been arriving with my friends to Kamianets-Podilskyi. This is a city that attracts
  beauty. Above all the most impressive place is a fortress that is terribly tall
  on the swift shores of Smotrych. And despite the fact that I was already three times
  there, the night city made me the most impression, and the view of the fort, illuminated
  by dozens of lights, gives a sense of fairy-tale and mystery. We spent the night
  under the walls of the same fortress in the tent. The way to Bakota took us an hour,
  but just because the bus does not reach to the destination, the distance above 2
  km should be reached on foot. Here we have got lost and instead of the observation
  deck we went straight to the Dniester bank. The first thing that fell into my eyes
  was the magnitude of what I saw, the size of the river, and the rocks of hundred
  meters high in the opposite bank. Then I and my friends decided not to go "standard"
  route, but to transfer all over stuff on the other shore, and to climb there on
  the rock. The task was not too complicated, one of the local fisherman agreed to
  carry all of us on his boat. After we have been settled there (putting a tent and
  expanding things), we tried to climb up. The top was led by one path, trodden by
  the inhabitants of the neighboring village. I think they had a lot of daring if
  they use it. The ascent to that five-hundred-meter rock can be compared with the
  Cirith Ungol stairs road of  Frodo to Mordor. On the one hand, there was a steep
  climb up, on the other - an abyss and  below the mighty Dniester carries its waters
  calmly, breaking them into the coastal stones. Nevertheless, we went up on the mountain
  and the landscape that we see was worth the effort. There were not only on the river,
  but also the bay and the rapid rocks that threatened to hover above the water. All
  of it was shrouded by the rays of the sun, which gives us an inexpressible sense
  of freedom. It seems that you are standing on the edge of the world and it is in
  your hands completely.
