Title: My girlfriends wedding
DateModified: '2018-02-06'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-girlfriends-wedding
SetInCountry: Nigeria
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Salome Attah
AuthorCountry: Nigeria
Text: While doing my laundry one sunny Saturday morning my phone rang, hurriedly with
  my hands still dripping with water i picked it, behold it  was my longtime girlfriend
  Chisom who had called to inform me about her wedding. 'OMG you're getting married!?'
  were my exact words, as i screamed out in excitement 'yes oh' she replied, and when
  i thought i had heard it all, she added that the wedding was going to be in two
  weeks time 'in two weeks?' i asked disappointed but she said everything happened
  so fast and they think its best they get married immediately. i was happy but devastated
  for the thought of planing a trip in less than two weeks got me scared for i had
  little or no saving at all for a trip to Owerri which is her hometown, and Chisom
  is one friend i can never disappoint; not after all she did for me back in college.
  A week later, i borrowed money from a colleague at work and started planing  for
  the trip. soon, it was already two days left to the big day, so i want to the saloon,
  got my hair styled, fixed my nails and packed my weekend bag knowing how important
  looking good is to Chisom. As early as 5am the next morning, i was already at the
  bus station where i boarded the long luxurious bus that was headed to Owerri. My
  journey wasn't stress free for we arrived Owerri past midnight due to countless
  roadside check points and passengers endless request to do one thing or another.
  On arrival,o one thing or another. On arrival, i called Chisom to send someone to
  pick me up since i was new in town. By 7am in the morning, my dearest Chisom was
  already well dressed looking like snow white and glowing like Cinderella. Few minutes
  to her bridal entrance, one of the brides maid rushed over to me with the news that
  Chisom was crying 'crying?' i asked perplexed for she's been excited all morning
  and so i rushed over to her only to hear that her best lady had just confessed to
  have had an affair with her fiancee in the past. This was a hard pill to swallow
  for Chisom refused to continue with the wedding, but later changed her mind after
  intense counseling from her family and apology from her remorseful fiancee and best
  lady. By the end of the whole drama, Chisom requested for a new best lady and picked
  me. This was totally the last thing i expected for i never imagined to be selected,
  knowing fully well how many friends Chisom has. My girlfriends wedding ended perfectly
  even though there was a bit of drama at the beginning. lastly, to crown it all i
  caught the bouquet which to me was priceless.
