Title: 'My Insight into my Adventures '
DateModified: '2018-02-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-insight-into-my-adventures
SetInCountry: Dominican Republic
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jennifer Petrillo
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Where can I begin? In the jungles of The Dominican? In the rapid waters of Niagra
  falls? How about ontop of a snowy glacier in Golden Colorado? Mostly everywhere
  I have traveled to has been a worldwide of adventures in itself. Whether I was simply
  touring cities like Denver, New York, Boston, Montreal. Or in the vast landscape
  of the natural beauties the country is filled with such as The Grand Canyon or Yellow
  Stone Park, I have made a connection to my surroundings. Now, I know what you're
  probably thinking, I have not done a crazy world tour of 50 something countries
  but have embarked on many travels domestically. I was never given the full opportunity
  to travel as MUCH as I'd like being between work, school, my family, money, and
  so forth but think I have gained a pretty good insight on what this world means
  to me. In each place I visit, I make it a point to talk to a few of the locals that
  live there. I not only ask them simple questions like "How long have you lived here?
  Does your family live here? Do you like it here? But rather get to know them as
  people. Maybe it is from my background in studying psychology, but the best way
  I find out about people and what they are all about is to simply get to know them.
  A woman who was my Uber driver in New Orleans started having a conversation with
  me about losing her family to Hurricane Katrina after I simply asked her why there
  were so many bridges that were unserviced anymore. She pointed at one and noted
  "that is where I saw my family for the last time, hanging from the top of that bridge
  as they got swept by the water." To hear this was heartbreaking and to realize 10+
  years later after the hurricane hitting the city, the locals still never forget.
  I was down there having a grand ol' time in the Big Easy but there were still reconstruction
  and coping that was still taking place from that disastrous storm. Another story
  I was able to connect with was when I was in the Dominican. Me and a friend went
  on an excursion and met a 6 member family living in 1 single little hut. They were
  more than rejoiced to show us there living situation with there pet goats and showed
  us around their backyard jungle. It was moving to see these people with little to
  nothing were so content and happy. They may not know of the other riches of the
  world but to them what they have is enough. Sometimes I wish in our society we can
  go back to those ways so we are not constantly looking for something more out of
  our own lives.
