Title: My lifestory and the first journey&#39;s story too.
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-lifestory-and-the-first-journey-s-story-too
SetInCountry: Uzbekistan
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Parviz Kenjaev
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: 'To all who read this story I convey my greetings. My name is Parviz. I am 19
  years old. I am from Uzbekistan. Today I will tell you the story of my first ever
  trip. I want to begin the introduction with acquaintance with me and my family.

  I still have a big family. Ten people live in the house, my parents, I, my sister,
  grandfather, grandmother, uncle with my wife and two children. Since early childhood
  I''m fond of sports.

  Then I turned 6 years old. It was the end of summer.At this time my parents, uncles,
  aunts, all went to Russia to work. We (children) were left with my grandparents.
  And this year they decided to take me with them.

  It was noon, the sun was baking, everyone gathered at my grandparents'' house. Uncle
  came by his bus. He had to take us to the capital, so that we would take a train
  to Russia from there. And then came the hour when it was necessary to say goodbye.
  Everyone immediately said goodbye and sat on the bus, and waited for me. I could
  not say good-bye to my grandmother, I hugged her as much as I could. He cried and
  at the same time rejoiced. I cried because I did not want to leave my grandmother,
  but I was glad that I would finally leave. An incomprehensible feeling was.

  I was hardly pushed into the bus and drove off. The trip took about 10 hours. By
  sunset we were already traveling among the mountains. I was sitting at the very
  end of the bus and then looked out the window. On the right side, from the top of
  the mountains, flowed a river. She was so beautiful and innocent.Transparent-clear
  water with glitter and in addition a sunset sunset, passed this spectacle an unforgettable
  view. Then I went to the very beginning of the bus. And words can not convey what
  I felt when I came to the very beginning and saw. The mountain we were on was almost
  burnt. The sky was just blazing with color. And on the right side there was a river.And
  then for the first time in my life I saw something so beautiful. That even now I
  can not convey it in words. There was still a city. And I really envied the inhabitants
  of this city. All that I saw then is very difficult to convey in words. Until you
  see with your own eyes, you can not believe.The city was called Samarkand. And so
  I stayed to live in Russia. Every year in the summer I go to Uzbekistan for 3 months.'
