Title: My Own Roots
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-own-roots
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Andrea Martens
AuthorCountry: Peru
Text: 'I used to have soft hands. I remember as a kid trying all sorts of lotions
  so that one day I could have hands as soft as my mother''s.

  I left for Africa to escape from all that had been oppressing me for the past 9
  years: the career, the job, the boyfriends, me, what I had become, someone I didnt
  recognize, someone I did not want to be, and yet here I was, taking apraisals from
  anyone who heard about all the accomplishments in my life.

  Only 3 days after landing in this magical continent, where the dust tangles your
  hair and the sun darkens your skin in the most natural of ways, I saw what I had
  been dreaming of since I was 5 years old: Wilderness. When I stepped into the Serengeti
  National Park, I felt like I was being born again, like the days that I had lived
  before these, where someone elses, and it was finally my time.  When I saw the wildebeest
  migration, thousands of black, hairy, fairly skinny animals moving together free
  in nature, with their only care in the world being to survive and breed, I thought
  how much better it would be if us humans would have our priorities that straight.
  And when I saw the lions, the elephants, the hippos, my jaw dropped, my eyes popped
  out and my heart raced.  I felt so much excitement, admiration and love, that it
  brought me to tears.

  My sister nicknamed me Mowgli (The Jungle Book,) as a kid, and I used to find the
  similarities fascinating: the skinny torso, the tanned skin, the messy straight
  dark hair, jumping from one branch to another, or in my case, from one rooftop to
  the next. But it wasnt until Africa that I understood the real connection. This
  is where I belonged. I felt much more connected to the animals I was observing,
  than to my peers back home, between 4 walls, in front of a computer, from one meeting
  to the next. I realized I never wanted to go back to that. I never wanted to be
  a lion in a cage again. Im an animal and I want to live courageously and free.

  Its been 2 years now since that trip and im still travelling. Although my hands
  are the hardest they have ever been, being forced to work doing laundry, washing
  dishes and cleaning mussels, I finally get a glimpse of what a free life really
  is. Its tough, as it is for a gazelle trying to survive everyday in the wild, but
  its worth it. Now I collect friends, instead of clothes; im busy exploring new cultures
  instead of exploring conference rooms and I debate wheather to go vegan or not instead
  of debating price increases.

  This is where I belong.'
