Title: My Road Trip Across America with a Complete Stranger
DateModified: '2018-01-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-road-trip-across-america-with-a-complete-stranger
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Riley Hays
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: In 2013, I ate Mexican food with a girl named Allison. In 2014, we drove across
  the US. People still ask me why I did it. "Because she loves Mexican food" is one
  answer, but "because she loves national parks" is better. She was offered a job
  at Yosemite, but she couldn't drive from Florida to California by herself in such
  little time. She was planning to turn down the offer. I bought a plane ticket the
  next day and we were off. We had ten national parks to see, all between Colorado
  and California. We tried to reach Colorado in 28 hours. We didn't stop until Amarillo,
  Texas and napped in a parking lot, laughing hysterically at our discomfort. We were
  out like lights soon after. We woke up and kept going. Despite a snowstorm and limited
  visibility, we made it. We couldn't see the Great Sand Dunes but had the comfort
  of knowing they were there. We slept for 12 hours. Then, the snow had stopped and
  we saw blue sky behind the tallest sand dunes on the continent. After exploring,
  we were on the road again. We set out for Mesa Verde and walked through Spruce Tree
  House pueblo homes. At Arches, we got up early to hike to Delicate Arch before the
  crowds arrived. Next was Canyonlands, where we drove the road and visited various
  viewpoints. Then came Capitol Reef where we hiked with snakes. Next was Bryce Canyon
  where we stared at towering hoodoos. Zion followed, and we hiked small trails and
  saw Kolob Canyon, the perfect place for solitude before Las Vegas. We went to Lake
  Mead and the Hoover Dam. You wouldn't believe the size of it without standing there
  yourself. In Death Valley, we went to Badwater Basin, the lowest point in North
  America at -282 feet. Continuing north, we entered Sequoia and Kings Canyon, standing
  beneath the largest tree in the world and walking among giants. Last was Yosemite.
  We were at one of the most famous national parks in the world, but the trip was
  at an end. We visited Glacier Point and hiked what we could. Then just like that,
  it was time for Allison and me to part ways. I had to say goodbye to this person
  I barely knew, then got to know so intimately. Would we see each other again, or
  rely on memories of these twelve national parks? What a disaster this could have
  been. But we took the risk and we're better for it. Allison and I became best friends
  and still travel to national parks together. We have been to Denali, Grand Teton,
  and Yellowstone. I'm lucky to have her as my lifetime travel companion.
