Title: My story, My jorney
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-story-my-jorney
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: leonard jordan
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: As travel plans do, i pondered about my next adventure. Where to go next. After
  some thought, i began to plan a trip to new zealand. The adventure began in  the
  plane arrived in Auckland airport. After one night in auckland, i left for the bay
  of islands. the history and sights that greeted me there were breath taking. the
  waitangi treaty was signed here.  The bay of island's is a fine place for fishing,sun
  and relaxing. after two days, i made my way to coromendel.  a short stop over before
  making my way to the tongariro national park. to scale these slopes, to view upon
  the emerald green lakes was epic sights to see. to breathe the fresh crisp air,
  to sleep in a different place every night formed some long lasting memories. after
  catching a train from whakapapa village to wellington. i got to experience the joys
  and wonder of this fine city. enjoyed the best zoo in the world, the wonders of
  the tepa museum. for any "lord of the ring's" fans there is plenty to see and visit
  from wellington. given the short trip to the short island. if one is lucky, a pod
  of dolphins will swim with the ship over to the south island. i had planned a bus
  trip to christchuch. a small town i thought. the main journey was to milford sound
  and the hikes.  as i made my way along the southern alps, i want sea kayaking during
  my time here. The unexpected pleasure of seeing a pod of orcas breaching the surface
  was a sight to remember. To see nature at in a natural habitat is eye opening. An
  experience i'll never forget. I planned a day to milford sound for a day. the natural
  beauty  carved by ice glaciers were truly epic. Qeenstown with its lake kumpa and
  it many activieys like skydiving.canyon swinging  and fine forest walks are well
  worth a visit and try and some way to finish a trip. there is plenty more i could
  of done if a had more time. hopefully in time i will grace that fine land again.
