Title: My travel story
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/my-travel-story
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Naila Kaiyrbekova
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: This is the real story of my life,which I spent it on the last summer holiday.I
  dreamed to go to Europe,but I didn't expect that I will go there immediately.My
  mom suddenly decided to travel to Europe.It was a big surprise for me.We agreed
  to spend our vacation in Italy.In 17th of August when our plane was approaching
  Rome,I saw a gorgeous view from my window.Then instructor met us at the airport
  and together went to our hotel.Generally, our tourist group combined from completely
  different nations.For instance,in our group were newlyweds from Georgia.I've shocked
  when I heard girls age,cause she was 18 years old,her husband was 40 years old.It
  made me laugh because I am in the same age with this girl and I am traveling with
  my mom,while she is traveling with her husband in honeymoon.Not only from Georgia,also
  from Russia,Ukraine, etc.We had an international group.This journey gave us a good
  opportunity to make new friends.In the hotel I had an interesting situation, We
  took our rooms' key and went upstairs.We found our room and opened it but after
  the entrance,we couldn't lock it.Mom asked me to went downstairs and ask from a
  clerk.So,I went to a reception,then asked from the clerk.First time I thought that
  this clerk is so tired and didn't hear me.But,later I understood that he doesn't
  want to serve me.He looked at me and continued to play with his phone.In the result,it
  made me angry.This situation affected to make a decision that the local people are
  very rude.Nevertheless,in the end,I changed my mind :) So, angrily  I was going
  upstairs to our room. I came and wanted to open the door, but the door didn't open.
  In that time I realized that the door locks by itself, you can open it only from
  inside.I really disappointed in myself.I advice for everyone, who will travel don't
  forget about an automized lock. In the evening we visited modern Rome, restaurant
  with unusual scenery,where Italian opera singers performed famous operas. In the
  second day, we went to  Venezia, to the wonderful place. We came to a port ashore
  and carefully went into the shipboard. Someone fell down while the ship was swaying
  and scratched his arm. Finally, accidentally, we arrived at Venezia. We visited
  a lot of museums, which represented famous artists work, such as Leonardo da Vinci,
  Michelangelo, Raphael. Also in Italy, we visited San Marino, Siena, Pisa, etc. Finally,
  we landed in KZ.  After we discussed a lot about Italy. In the end, I decided that
  I will certainly come back.
