Title: Myanmar Unexpected
DateModified: '2018-01-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/myanmar-unexpected
SetInCountry: Myanmar
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Malialani Dullanty
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I am checking schedules and visas, packing luggage, and aligning the stars.
  This is the one thing I am good at; the flying, security check points, head phones,
  passports, airports for days, staying hydrated and squirreling away pretzels and
  peanuts. I am mediocre, middle of the row with just about everything I do - except
  this. My heart beats to the dings of airline intercom announcements, figuring things
  out where I don''t speak the language is my high of choice, diving humbly into a
  culture I don''t know is the breath in my lungs. I belong here.

  It is midnight and I am crammed with 11 other people into a 8 passenger van. Formerly
  Burma, Myanmar is a cross of religions like I''ve never seen. People draped over
  one another with a hot climate culture I''ve been craving forever, karma creating
  normalcies that seem almost utopian under molding apartment buildings ten stories
  high, Bayan trees bleeding through the concrete. This is more like coming home than
  visiting somewhere new.

  In the morning I accidentally flash monks across the street, drink too much coffee,
  and laugh with my roommate until we cry. Milk tea and pad thai permeate the air,
  flora eats away at the manmade structures, pagodas reach toward the sky, and Burmese
  hums around me. The glittering gold leaf and blinding white marble of the temple
  smell of swimming pool and burnt something or other. Bare feet, melted candles,
  and wild tangles of gold are spun together into altars. I am drinking out of a coconut
  while wiping sweat off my cheek, exhausted and content.

  The ferry terminal''s dirt floor stands in stark contrast to the gilded Buddhist
  spires we just left. It is crowded here and I can taste the air. When the bell rings,
  we all flood out of the gates down the ramp and onto the boat. Kids sprint through
  the crowds selling apples and quail eggs and nail clippers as music blares from
  the speakers. Rain clouds give momentary relief from the heat, before clearing away
  to create a sauna. The muddy waters of the Yangon River slap against ferry, skiff,
  and barge alike. Disembarking, the motorcyclists don''t seem discouraged by my skirt
  as they are wearing longyis, so I climb on the back. The wind whips through my soul
  as we pass through narrow streets framed by jungle, and I believe in magic.

  I fall in love so quickly with the humid greens and browns against the attempted
  concrete and cement. I love this place I didn''t know existed, Myanmar is the last
  thing I expected.'
