Title: Needing a rest in Bucharest
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/needing-a-rest-in-bucharest
SetInCountry: Romania
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Harjan Sandhu
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'This involves an evening in Romania where I was meeting friends that turned
  out to be a little tricky but truly memorable.


  It starts out in a small mountain village in Transylvania where I''m waiting for
  a train which is very delayed. My efforts to find out when it will arrive are met
  bizarrely with 100 or 200 written on scraps of paper followed by a circle being
  drawn around the numbers. Eventually, the train arrives and hurtles towards Bucharest
  at breakneck speed. Luckily my worst fears are dampened as it reassuringly pulls
  into Gard de Nord station.


  I attempt to call my friends but their phones are switched off. So, with only the
  name of the hostel on another scrap of paper, I wander outside the station. Taxi
  drivers outside are clueless as to where the hostel is and I am out of luck. A group
  of English girls see me in my pickle and offer to help me with their grasp of Romanian.
  After, no luck we make a group decision to look up the address at their hostel.
  To my dismay, all of the power in their building is off but there is a Lonely Planet.
  Inside there is no sign of the hostel but there are two internet cafes. I thank
  them and depart with two addresses in hand.


  I flag down a taxi who takes me to the first address. I wander into the cafe and
  begin to type in the name of the hostel in the search engine. No Way! It''s opposite
  the second internet cafe! I quickly note down the address, pay up and head out.
  Outside I head to the first cab driver, show him the address who points and says,
  "100 metres." In my exhausted state, I begin strolling down this dark road, with
  notorious street dogs for company. Luckily, I see a police station and I walk inside
  where I am welcomed by a friendly bilingual officer. After showing him the address
  he shockingly remarks that I''m going the wrong way and that the taxi driver was
  lying to me!  He jots down a note in Romanian, tells me to be safe and wishes me
  well.


  I jump into the next cab that takes me to the address. This time a small sign indicates
  that I am at my destination. I am greeted with the news that my friends haven''t
  checked in and there are no beds available. Dejected I don''t know what to do. Suddenly,
  I''m met with a beaming smile  and the words, "I got you!" If only he knew! It''s
  been a long evening and I am emotionally drained at this point. Now is time for
  that well-earned rest in Bucharest.'
