Title: 'Night in Mussorie '
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/night-in-mussorie
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Abhishek Anthwal
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Few weeks back, I and my family went on a trip to my hometown, Mussorie - The
  queen if hills, Uttrakhand. Mall Road of Mussorie is such a beautiful place. The
  streets, local vendors and stores are the real beauty of Mussorie which simply adds
  to the authenticity and beauty of the mountains. The best way of enjoying your trip
  in Mussorie is to roam in the beautiful roads of Mall road, especially in the nights
  (when the twinkling lights of Dehradun make you feel like you're in the heaven is
  just amazing). While I and my family were enjoying the night in roaming in Mussorie,
  we saw a beautiful local store where a beautiful traditional mountain cap caught
  my attention and I get into the store to buy it. While my parents were talking to
  the owner of that store, we came to know that he's been running his shop for 20
  years in Mussorie and his hometown and ours is same. So we all started to talk in
  our native language. We had a quite long talk, while we were taking the leave from
  the store ,suddenly that store owner invited all of us for the dinner, we refused
  him as our hotel was near the store but he keeps on insisting so we all went for
  the dinner in his home. Their hospitality was really amazing specially the way all
  his family members greeted us like they know us for years. Then we all had a tasty
  and delicious traditional dinner. The locals in mussorie was really nice people
  in terms of their hospitality, and they genuinely like to meet new people, though
  many tourists visit Mussorie every year, but most of the tourists visit with their
  friends and hardly connects with local people. But what I enjoy most in Mussorie
  apart from the amazing weather was the simplicity and genuine Nature of the locals.
  So,  if you visit Mussorie, do visit the Mall road at night and interact with the
  local people then you'll get to know so many things about the Uttrakhand tradition,
  cultures, stories and their beliefs.
