Title: 'Night in the Delhi Train Station '
DateModified: '2018-01-31'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/night-in-the-delhi-train-station
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Janine Malahoff
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I was in India travelling with my dad for two weeks and as we were on a budget
  we decided to take the train from city to city. Upon arriving at the bustling train
  station at 7pm and walking around in circles trying to locate our train, we discovered
  that it had been delayed until four in the morning. My dad believes deeply in committing
  to the idea of "on a budget" and thought we should tough it out in the train station
  until four am; I on the other hand walked right out and into the nearest tuk tuk
  to take us to a hostel nearby until it was time. After an hour weaving along the
  bustling traffic at night, watching front desk man after front desk man shake his
  head at our tuk tuk driver, we discovered that it was wedding season and there simply
  wasn't a single bed available anywhere. So, back to the train station we went and
  my dad, victorious, settled down on a metal bench to read his book. About an hour
  later our train was announced to be delayed further until 9am the following day,
  so a sombre realization settled over me that I was going to be sleeping the night
  on the cold metal bench I was sitting on and my dad didn't look so pleased with
  himself anymore. Everyone around us had these sheets made of newspaper or wrappers
  that they had laid down on the floor that they could stretch out on and rest, and
  all night long groups of people would get up and head to their train. At a certain
  point I thought we had to be the only people trapped here in this train station
  which at 5am felt like an eternal hell as the speakers would play this music over
  an over again endlessly announcing train departures. At 8am we discovered our train
  had been delayed further until 3pm and I started crying. I was overwhelmed and wasn't
  really sure our train would ever leave, and then suddenly this girl my age came
  up to me and asked me why I was crying. I told her my train had been delayed for
  now close to 19 hours and she matter-o-factly informed me that everyone in this
  waiting room was on the same train and had also been there all night. She then took
  my hand and led me over to her square of newspaper and put a blanket around me and
  told me to get some rest because I must of had a horrible night on that bench. As
  I lay there I contemplated the realization of just the absolute patience and calmness
  that exists within the chaos in India and the pure kindness of that girl who let
  me lay down next to her until our train finally came and my dad and I carried on
  our trip.
