Title: No inherirance alien in transit (c1)
DateModified: '2018-02-06'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/no-inherirance-alien-in-transit-c1
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: kiril minanov
AuthorCountry: Macedonia
Text: on the road roughly 1 year. 35000 kilometers behind me, of which i hitchhiked
  15000 km in continental europe. im a published writer. an activist. igo in search
  for stories where oppresive regimes and ideologies make humans a disposable good,
  80 percent of populations, roughly are, it seems obvious. stories include the life
  social disparities, class struggles, class relations. some empires are dead, however,
  the smell of them embedded in the daily routines where ever i go is not. some thrive
  today. agent orange for example. let's take vietnam, agent orange was sprayyed for
  9 years, during the war, today vietnamese suffer up to third generatupion from degenerate
  dna. roughly 1 million humans in vietnam. these horrors must not be forgotten, i
  don see any movies about it, napalm is coverred, attrocities of civilians yes, however,
  dioxin is not. i talked to oppressed women and humans in diarbakir, kurdish part
  of turkey, i talked to pkk members. in iran i witnessed pure horrors subjected to
  iranians by the islamic shia homosexual mafia. the pillars of power in iran are
  three folded. they have two armies, strong antagonism against america, a young male
  population that does not want to go to a two year slavery into the army, as the
  islamic mafia does not give them the right to jobs, marry and re-produce as in the
  famous karpenter movie 'they live', they cant get passports and travel if they don
  go to army. i interviewed women oppressed by police. than india, the absolute horror
  of the cast system, should have been abbolished by the dalit ambedkar, who wrote
  the constitution 1947, however the positivist and minimalist gandi comming from
  a higher class was against abolishing the casts; roughly 450 million humans are
  mall nutritionned and live with 1 dollar for 5 days, passed 6000 kilometers in the
  life blood of india, the trains on the cheapest seats mostly during nights.  shop
  & pray pesticides obvesity capitalism in malaysia, now im in the pro-life porn hub
  for womans options, god bless, in duterte death squads we trust. i explore the possibility
  to travel without money. if it is possible to travel with 1 dollar or max 5 eur
  a day.
