Title: No lounging around please
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/no-lounging-around-please
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: George Antony
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: This was going to be my first trip to South Africa. I had already been to Nigeria
  a couple of years back. The sun was glancing off the various colorful tails and
  fuselages which is typical of airlines in Africa, as I landed at the airport in
  Jo'burg. I pulled out my phone to text my friend. She responded that there was a
  massive traffic jam and would be late, so I should just kind of not hurry. On hindsight,
  that was the worst advice to act on. Passengers who are lounging around can also
  be viewed suspiciously. I passed through Customs, duty free and the toilets as unhurriedly
  as possible. Three young women asked me for my passport. They spoke to each other
  in Swahili in a tone that sounded neutral to me and gave my passport back. I crossed
  the last security guard and I was now in the huge waiting hall of the OR Tambo International
  airport. I continued my slow crawl. This time two men with badges came across me,
  and asked me for my passport. They walked me to a corner of the hall and asked me
  to wait while they went and checked my passport. I looked at 'here' which was just
  a part of the hall, no official markings, several other people were just lounging
  around. I watched with desperate eyes as the  duo made their way across the huge
  crowded hall with my passport. All kinds of thoughts flashed through my mind. Will
  I land in jail. What will my mother think about my trip. I cant tell you the other
  flights of paranoia I took but I texted my friend again. More nervousness; She said
  she had never heard of this practice, and would send her brother in law to the airport
  right away, as he stayed close by. I paced around, and saw this lady who told me
  her job was to help hunters get back their guns when they landed. I can remember
  that sinking feeling at her surprise when I told her about the passports. My wonderful
  time in Nigeria did not come back to my mind. Then the brother in law came. His
  first question was the most embarrassing. What was written on their badges. In my
  panic I had not seen it.  We asked around and every inquiry made me feel sicker,
  nobody knew anything. After about 50 minutes, I saw them approaching us. I looked
  desperately at their hands for the navy blue of an Indian passport and the dirty
  green sticker left by a zealous travel agent. " We told you, we will be back, the
  forgery machine was broken". We all smiled and then slowly started walking into
  the bright South African sun. Everybody was happy. Read badges and don't lounge
  around.
