Title: No Room For Error
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/no-room-for-error
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Monica  Joseph
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'Our entry into Peru was quite easy because we were the only people at this
  border. We decided to take the road less traveled by staying in the Andes and rode
  our motorbikes to a town an hour away. All along was unmoved rock slide debris on
  the road. Initially, we headed for Chachapoya in the Amazon area about 500kms away
  in northeastern Peru. Our interest here was to visit Kuelap, a pre-Inca wall city
  on top of a mountain. The ride was through hot Amazon towns, rice paddies, and palms
  and up through canyon country. The mountains seem to fold vertically.

  Kuelap turned out to be an amazing experience. It is set in a spectacular location
  above the cloud forest. Chachapoya means people of the clouds. The people who lived
  here, the Chachapoyans, occupied the area from AD 500 to 1493. Despite being a highly
  defensible hilltop fortress they were captured by the Incas and reluctantly surrendered.
  Kuelap is on a par with Macchu Picchu and rated a significant pre-Columbian ruin
  in South America. Our route onwards was an unforgettable drive through mountain
  terrain. At first it was a meander along a twisty road to a river on the right.
  We came to Leymebamba, a small town that had a beautifully constructed museum with
  lovely gardens. An interesting attraction here, aside from pottery, textiles, musical
  instruments, and wooden figures are the 290 mummies stored in a climate controlled
  room. These are Chachapoyans. Many are wrapped with embroidered faces and those
  unwrapped looked well preserved with fingernails and teeth. One, in particular,
  looked how they would have looked alive.

  Putting the mummies behind us, we embarked on the road to Celedin. At first a gentle
  ascent to 3678m into the clouds. This road is super twisty and narrow: the stuff
  of legends. I occasionally allowed myself to look down at the endlessly plunging
  landscape. It is a narrow high altitude twist fest with no guard rails. Being a
  single lane road it was necessary to blow the horn before entering blind corners.
  It was a three-hour ride mixed with fear and thrill. More fear for me and more thrill
  for my husband Simon. Luckily, there was scant traffic and all I had to deal with
  is passing a bus, a few cars and vans and the odd small motorcycle. Simon warned
  that there was absolutely no room for error. This was terrifying advice, but he
  was right. Further on I had to avoid three runaway cows. Alarmingly for me, one
  of them had a long rope trailing with no effort by the owner to get a hold of this
  beast.'
