Title: Nomadic love
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/nomadic-love
SetInCountry: Costa Rica
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Ishani Vyas
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Once upon a time in blues and  waves of lovely costa rica I got my things lost.Being
  an person fluent in english didn't help me as there was none who could by an inch
  of words understand my perplexion.Amidst the chaos of indecisiveness,I got "hello!"
  in my national language. I replied the same with sigh of relief inside my head,He
  said "You lost your laggage, I can borrow you till you get it back!".My liss was
  beyond explaination.I extended myself to introduce but he stopped me from doing
  so. He in a flimsy manner said, "Let's not introduce each other,let us remain mysterious
  chracters enjoying beaches,people,food and vibes that this lovely city of costa
  rica possess!" Limitlessly amused I said, " But we need a name to be called upon!"
  Extending his hand he said, "My name is Don..I m chase by 22countries!!" I couldn't
  control my laughter and responding to his jolly manner I said, "Mona,call me mona
  darling!" After giving each other comical names,We started searching for stay to
  live till I sort out issue of my lost luggage. We got a cosy place to stay in.Next
  morning we went out to roam.We had awesome time and I still don't remember the when
  was the last time I laughed so much.After lots of wandering in lovely aura of unending
  beaches,narrow streets and fresh flower gardens we both were hungry.He checked out
  his pocket and realised that all money he had was spent shopping in artsy streets
  by me.Realising it I said,"Mr.Don let's eat finest meals without paying a penny!"
  He was totally in dissaray but chose to believe my confidence.There was a party
  going on and I just introduced him as massive superstar from our country who has
  come here for vacation and myself as director of film. They were so glad to welcome
  both of us. They gave the most amazing cuisine and hospitality. Amazed by all this
  he smiled at me stupidly and I just winked gesturing to eat all delicacies with
  great leisure. After meal people asked me to narrate the story for which I was convincing
  their superstar to act. It was nothing but thunderbolt on both of us. But I couldn't
  dissapoint them,so I started making up and describing story in all natural flow.
  I was lost in world of story I was naratting and when I finished it people couldn't
  resist to applause endlessly.On our return way we kissed."Best storyteller!"He said
  and now we are married since 10years and all because of costa rica I have my modern
  fairy tale along with super sucessful career!
