Title: Not Controlling Wonders
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/not-controlling-wonders
SetInCountry: Russia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anna Shentseva
AuthorCountry: Russia
Text: 'Having lived in Moscow for 19 years before moving to Sochi, Max made an impression
  of totally free-bounded and loose self-being, deprived of any strong and tough background
  you can find in big cities'' dwellers. He seemed to be happy working as a Sochi
  Rider''s Lodge cafe waiter at a fascinating for a hotel place - up high in the mountains,
  allowing to view all the adorable landscape drifting in clouds.


  He was perfectly fitting into the picturesque scene with detached and self-willed
  mountains at the background as we set our tent up for the star falling night and
  getting more and more outspoken.


  He wasn''t tenacious or imperious, seemed like there was nothing in this world he
  would be eager to control or influence. Which you''ll never say about me.


  ''You are just like my mother, he said, smiling. ''She still consider me to be a
  lazy hiding-from-the-real-world party-goer wasting time here. But she just has not
  lived here. Where you don''t need to prove anything to anyone. Where your heart
  is free and you just enjoy what you have.''


  My scepticism spoke differently and we had a tough discussion waiting for the first
  stars to fall. As we exchanged our deeply opposite views on how it should be, our
  hot debating heads were roughly chilled out by heavy drops fallen from above.


  All-encompassing clouds had already invaded the sky dumping severe water flows and
  forcing everybody around to hide themselves in the weakened tents. Cold and disappointed,
  I was ironically wishing myself happy birthday while the tent was treacherously
  letting the water in.


  In two hours the sound of rain drops falling became hardly heard and we came out
  of the tent to look around. The sky was still clouded all over so no stars could
  be seen. Humbled with me having the most trashy birthday, we''ve  turned to our
  talk again.


  ''I never make circumstances affect me, it is all about your own attitude. I accept
  everything that is given to me: bad and good things, ordinary and significant. And
  that is why I''m happy with what I already have. I don''t need any special things
  for that. Enjoy it all, that will never happen again. ''


  I looked up in the sky still not into his philosophy but feeling acceptance and
  understanding. Right above me there was a small sky space free from clouds allowing
  me to see a few stars shining brighter than ever. Next second I noticed one of them
  was falling.


  ''Happy birthday to you, Anna, '' he said. ''Wonders often happen when you stop
  trying to control it.'''
