Title: Nothing overstated, Nothing withheld.
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/nothing-overstated-nothing-withheld
SetInCountry: Jamaica
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Alexander Becklund
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: A passenger in a vessel weaving tight passes, climbing and bobbing the elevations
  of mountain lanes, tends to leave the useless be. I know I was in Jamaica. I know
  I was driving, with my colleagues, in the mountains somewhere between Frenchman's
  Reef and Mandeville. Which does little to describe the precise location, as creepy-uncle
  Google shows, lie at some distance from one another.  I know I was there for an
  archeological field study. I know I was there for more than an archaeological field
  study. These items are but the list of that which is useless. It does, however,
  describe the location of a restaurant. A restaurant aloof amongst rough precipices
  and smooth highways, pitched in degrees that set a passenger tight with their seat
  in the way only a rollercoaster can. Roadside would hardly describe this place,
  expect maybe in the way the Cliffs of Moher in Ireland and the beaches of Rio can
  both be described as coastlines. The restaurant, of which I recall no name, built
  of solid concrete offered rooftop seating providing the angel's envy of views. As
  we awaited our meal of spicy Jerk Chicken and thick white bread, the landscape beneath
  played host to the rolling coastlines of southern Jamaica and feathery clouds whose
  movement built towers in the sky for our enjoyment as though we were invited guests.
  It was there amongst the gaze, that I noticed something the others did not. Literally
  under our noses, a story down and a knot more, was a man, I took to be in his fifties
  by the receding hair and withered skin observable even from twenty-five feet up,
  walking from the kitchen door upon a inch wide path to a sheet metal room which
  cuddled a castor bean tree near the rear of the restaurant. I once heard that good
  things take a long time to come, and great things in an instant. It wasn't more
  than 3 seconds, after he and I made eye contact from that distance, that separated
  me from the others upon our welkin daydreams and sitting next to this man as he
  described the allopathic uses for the castor bean to me. An explanation and a meeting,
  that in the end, little was stated. In fact, what time was spent together was as
  brief in time as it was rich in sensation. As long as my memory serves, I shall
  recall the balmy air, the leather of his palm grinding the texture of castor beans
  beneath his thumb and the look in that man's big wet eyes as we shook hands and
  said goodbye forever.
