Title: Nothing to Fear
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/nothing-to-fear
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Megan Wilson
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'I am not a walk around on the pavement kind of girl. When you look at me, you
  see a big solid girl with her nose in a book dreaming of far away places and a vacant
  look on her face. But, if you said to me there is a waterfall at the end of a long
  trek into the bush, I''m there!

  I spent a month convincing everyone around me, including myself, that a overnight
  trip to a remote campsite, Kingfisher Pools in New South Wales, would be easy and
  manageable. After all the track notes accompanied pictures of smiling little children.
  What could go wrong?

  I had my father to contend with though, who informed me with his limited knowledge
  derived from the couch watching the discovery channel, that everything was out to
  get me in the great Australian Outback!

  The day arrived however, I had slept the bare minimum the night before, checking
  over all the apparent "essentials" and last minute re-packing took priority.

  Armed with my track notes, my trail mix, that took ten times longer to make than
  eat, and so much water, frozen and liquid, that I am ashamed to admit to carrying,
  my husband and I started off.

  I may have been better off going in blind. Not 5 mins into the start of the track
  and we were headed in the complete opposite direction! Being bitten and pestered
  by March flies, we trudged a half hour back the way we came to find the first, not
  so apparent, landmark which was a "burnt out car" that consisted of a haphazard
  pile of old rusted metals, not in the shape of anything recognizable. It all started
  to go downhill from there. I should have known.

  After fighting with mountains, a exaggeration but the memory still burns, that needed
  grappling hooks, taking almost dangerous shortcuts which we believed were part of
  the tracks, having my toes savagely attack each other inside my shoes and on top
  of all that, we never made it to our campsite. Walking, what should have taken 5
  hours but took us 8, straight through from the start out to one of the many exits
  in the national park.

  Not wanting to turn back after the ordeal we ordered a cab back to our starting
  point and high-tailed it straight home.

  But it was on this journey home when I had a epiphany of sorts. I could do it. Sure
  my legs may never forgive me, my husband might not talk to me for awhile and I had
  ant bites in places I dare not mention, but, I could carry my big bag of unnecessary
  stuff, into one end and come out the other.

  I knew we would do it again. After all that I knew, there is really nothing to fear!'
