Title: Nsuo
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/nsuo
SetInCountry: Ghana
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Bruno Sophia
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'NSUO

  "Obroni, wo ko ahen?"

  "Me ko nsuo well, aba!"

  This dialogue was repeated every day, along the way from our volunteers compound
  and the water well in the small village of Asempaneye - Ghana. It''s not like anyone
  had any doubt about where I was going. The bucket in one hand and the cloth in the
  other left no doubt about my destination. That simple gesture of asking every day
  where we were going was a very peculiar way for the villagers to interact with foreigners.
  Over time, I discovered that this social interaction with the obroni, as they called
  us, was a kind way to welcome us.

  Social interaction is the best way to describe that daily moment of fetching nsuo
  (water in the Twi language), because the whole village met there around the well.
  Some filling buckets for bathing, others seeking water for daily tasks or washing
  their clothes there, and some people were there just to socialize and chat. Men,
  women and children alike, all carrying their heavy buckets home. Sometimes I would
  arrive at the well just to find a lonely woman or child with her bucket already
  full, waiting for someone to come and help to carry the heavy bucket to the head.
  Yes, on the head is the way to carry the water (or anything else in Ghana) and solidarity
  was present there at all times helping each other to lift the buckets, or teaching
  a clumsy obroni like me, the correct way to wrap the cloth that supported the bucket
  on the head.

  Those who have clean water at home, do not always realize how much of a privilege
  it is. It''s amazing to find out how much you can do with just a bucket of water!
  You can take a shower after a day of construction work and still wash the clothes
  of the day!!! The greatest joy was when it stormed and we could bathe without having
  to carry the heavy bucket.

  Talking about rain... I was once in the well washing clothes with my new friend,
  Daniel, when suddenly the weather changed and before we had time to finish laundry,
  a big storm fell. We collected everything fast and started to run away from there
  but I had the impression that he was delaying on purpose. I soon discovered the
  reason: a girl from the village who was also doing laundry that morning. On the
  way back under the heavy rain, I joked with Daniel about it and he just smiled.
  That made me think that many marriages must have started with glance exchanges there
  in that well. Maybe one day I''ll go back to Ghana and find the two married taking
  their children to fetch water in that well? I hope so.'
