Title: O importante &#233; viver dia ap&#243;s dia.
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/o-importante-e-viver-dia-apos-dia
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Manoela Pinheiro da Costa
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'It was just another normal carnival end, family reunited, waiting for the return
  to routine and it was there that I decided to travel with my best friend to take
  a course in Rio de Janeiro. Escape from the rain, from work and go straight into
  the sun, heat, summer and all that we had right. We embark anxiously and full of
  expectations for one of the trips we always dream of doing: to the wonderful city.

  Getting there? Where is the Christ? Where''s the sugar loaf? The fog covering everything,
  thunder in the sky. One day nothing expected. We rest, we fix the apartment and
  wait for the next day.

  When we wake up we notice the absence of the sun, normal? At least weird, but that
  did not discourage us, we went to the supermarket, put on the bikini and hoped the
  wonderful city would have its effect. And he did, on arriving at that famous and
  recognized boardwalk, we began to make several friendships, thus, genuinely, without
  intention, just to present the wonders of the city, to ask for caution in some events
  and to show us the Rio way of life.

  If that was worth it? Oh, my God! Watch the dusk at the edge of the beach, sit on
  the sand and listen to that good song, people laughing, talking, no stress, no nervousness,
  enjoying what life had the best. See beautiful people, well with life, the rocking
  waters ... WHAT A PLACE! Nothing was missing until ... CABRUUUM. What? Rain? He
  did not give even 5 minutes and everything was underwater. There was no time to
  run, no time to hide, the river was absolutely a river. This could not be happening.
  Cars drowning, buildings filling, and we being dragged. What a situation.

  Running more than 3 blocks in the rain, lost cell phones, lost sandals, we still
  had one another. When we looked at each other, we could not stop laughing, how was
  that happening to us on the first day? All we could do was sleep and wait for tomorrow.

  And tomorrow arrived, beautiful, radiant, a scorching sun, as if nothing had happened,
  as if she had come to greet us. And we were welcomed, with a party, with music,
  with the beach, with the stunning beauty of the Christ Redeemer many meters high,
  with the beauty of one of the most beautiful sunsets, seen from the harpooner, showing
  that there, in that place , no tragedy surpasses one day after another. It is us?
  we will be back! Tomorrow, next month, next year, because there are things that
  need to be lived to be understood.'
