Title: Ode to a Hallowed Wall
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/ode-to-a-hallowed-wall
SetInCountry: Israel
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Maddy Quast
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Something''s burning. What is that? It''s like cigar smoke, sweet and intoxicating,
  but something about it makes me inhale deeply rather than coughing. I realize it''s
  incense. I was rushing, but I stop. I breathe.


  The shopkeeper, who has most of his teeth, is grinning widely at me, hoping I will
  be sucked into his shop. But I have to keep up--Shabbat is almost here, and I''m
  being swept along with the masses to the most sacred spot in Jewish Jerusalem: The
  Western Wall.


  It''s Friday night. The sun is vanishing behind the hills and a damp chill is setting
  in. I shiver, feeling goosebumps rise on my arms, but it''s not just from the cold.
  It''s these people. I''m standing here at the cusp of the weekend and there are
  thousands of Jews here to worship God. Tears spring to my eyes.


  I am shepherded to the wall. I stand there awkwardly, unsure what to do with my
  hands. I''m fidgety and I''m uncomfortable, but I tell myself I''m learning and
  growing. To my right is a beautiful girl, swaying with the melody of her prayer,
  her face buried in her Torah. In front of me is an older woman who has her forehead
  pressed to the wall. She has tears streaming down her face, but her cries are just
  the byproduct of her faith. She is one of the devout who come here every Shabbat
  to plead with God.


  I''m not Jewish. I''m a Christian college student, living in the Holy Land trying
  to find myself. It''s hard. I don''t speak Hebrew or Arabic, I''m far from my creature
  comforts, and I''m lonely. God, I''m so lonely. I''m immersed in a vibrant society
  and I''m so alone. But I''m finding myself in these people, slowly but surely.


  Back to the present: I see an open spot and approach the wall. I flatten my palm
  against the smooth stone, realizing it is worn from two millennia of worshippers.
  Hesitant but determined, I close my eyes. I don''t know any Jewish prayers, but
  I pray anyway. I pray for peace in this troubled land. I pray for these people to
  feel peace in their worship and joy in their devotion. I pray for myself-maybe it''s
  selfish, but I desperately want to find my purpose. It''s a jumbled prayer, but
  it''s mine. I seal it with a kiss to the hallowed wall before I finally step back,
  feeling like the world has shifted ever so slightly.


  The lovely girl to my right notices me and offers a friendly smile. She grabs my
  hand, squeezing it gently. We stand there, sojourners in this solidary moment. For
  an instant, I am who I am. It''s not much, but I found a fragment of myself. I can
  breathe again.'
