Title: Off track yet on point
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/off-track-yet-on-point
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: oliver fay
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: After my close friend had nursed his mother for months before she eventually
  passed, we agreed that we would embark on the trip of a lifetime together. We chose
  to head over to Iceland and drive the full circumference of the island and try to
  get off the beaten track somewhat and engage with a rare opportunity to see mother
  nature at her finest. We knew headed out there that we were likely to miss the Northern
  Lights as we travelled in at the end of their Winter time and beginning of Spring.
  Some of my undercurrent motivations were that I had previously been to Argentina
  and deeply regretted missing out on heading down to Patagonia to see the glacier
  and marble caves, as well as years before having travelled across to New Zealand  to
  visit a childhood friend who had moved there yet I only stayed on the North Island
  and neglected to take in the splendor of the South Islands Fiordland. Iceland I
  knew offered me the opportunity to amend some of these regrets as there were Fjords
  and Glaciers to photograph and explore. Yet with these minute details in mind I
  still could not have envisaged or possibly imagined the majesty the Island had to
  offer. We landed the first day pretty sleep deprived and exhausted from an early
  morning flight, yet drove immediately to the Blue Lagoon to wash away the weary
  sensation as well as awaken the deep sense of awe and adventure that would linger
  like a friendly phantom for the remainder of our time there. Although the lagoon
  is very much a piece de resistance of Icelandic tourism and we were there to get
  off the trail as much as possible, you still could not fathom is deeply mysterious
  charm. We spent some hours there before retreating for our first night at an apartment
  in Reykjavik to calibrate before the 2 week road trip. The next morning we set off
  and again took in a tourist treat journeying up to and down under and inside of
  a glacier, the experience again unlike any I have ever known and the information
  pouring forth from the tour guide was entirely fascinating and has stuck with me
  still to this day. After departing from the glacier we stopped by a waterfall and
  met a father and daughter pair of travellers. We asked them of their travels and
  reflections on the time in Iceland, the daughter described the road trip as having
  been "Dynamic". Her word stuck in my mind for the rest of our journey as we truly
  saw dynamic shifts in weather, terrain, landscape the last thing i could have expected
  were the levels of inspiration.
