Title: Oh Canada
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/oh-canada-2
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: John Basche
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: We crossed the river boarder into Sault Ste. Marie at Sunrise on the fourth
  of July.  Barely able to remove our faux "Eh"s and "Oot"s from our excited accented
  conversations, we passed inspection of the Canadian patrolman who determined if
  the gate into the wilderness of the North be open to three journeyman adventurers
  and a newly adopted stray dog.  Our trusty old Jeep Cherokee being the vehicle and
  work horse of the spontaneous trip into friendly foreign lands carried three twenty
  something guys, a dog, one aluminum canoe, a plastic funyak, and a mess of camping
  gear.  The red jeep roared up the trans-canadian highway along the misty eastern
  coast of Lake Superior.  We reached Lake Superior Provincial park with the thirst
  for more remote wildernesses that could only be found in a foreign land.  We relished
  in the woods as we parked the vehicle older than all of us off a dirt road before
  the boat launch in an area where no motors were permitted.  We packed our boats
  with the necessary supplies to survive our two and half day excursion to lakes we
  had never spoken the name of not days prior.  Everything in this environment was
  beautiful.  Our innate primal instincts for exploration and adventure guiding us
  through lakes, rivers, and trails maintained only by the brave soles who ventured
  this deep for enjoyment.  We camped on two islands on two different lakes soaking
  in the accomplishment of going somewhere unseen by the masses.  We went in with
  purposes unknown and we left with the sole hope of making it back.  Back in the
  jeep southbound to lands more familiar we began to worry whether the roaring would
  carry us home or ultimately putter to silence in a foreign land.  As we crossed
  International bridge of Sault Ste. Marie, the slowly creeping line of cars back
  into America began to concern.  As the line stopped with hundreds of cars preceding
  and following on a two lane bridge so did the trusty old Jeeps engine.  Three tired
  adventurers began to silently panic as the line began to move again. After three
  attempts at firing the jeep roared to life.  Reaching the American boarder we passed
  inspection after being asked to shut off the noise jeep.  The jeep would not start
  again. As the international bridge police marched over to assist in pushing the
  jeep down the American side of the bridge they commented "You let these guys in?!"
  The three of us proudly laughed at our current disheveled states.  We had escaped
  Canada alive.
