Title: On my way to Shinjuku
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/on-my-way-to-shinjuku
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Lara  Khazhakyan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'And so I landed in Tokyo for the first time.


  Barely noticeable rain turned into a quite heavy one and the city got barricaded
  with colorful umbrellas. I found a cab and was on my way to Shinjuku neighborhood.


  Cozy houses and Japanese Shinto shrines, that popped out of nowhere, along with
  the rare but quite eye-catching women in kimonos hindered the modern lifestyle filled
  with skyscrapers and neat urban design from taking over the capital.


  Culture was everywhere: in every single karaoke bar and convenience store. The bus
  stops gave out vibes of little, intimate universes with people completely absorbed
  in their own little galaxy of thoughts and worries.


  I love places where you can just fuse with the surrounding and observe how the city
  works and how people interact with it.


  Coming from a place like NY, I''m used to seeing busy streets, but people and the
  scenery somehow blend in the big apple. People truly become a part of the city.
  Streets, buildings in NY are serving a specific crowd as if it was designed that
  way.


  Tokyo is quite the opposite - people and the surroundings just don''t mix, you will
  never be a part of it. There is no specificity to the buildings, nor the streets
  in terms of the people that inhabit them. Tokyo, with its impeccable mix of modern
  and traditional architecture, has its own identity and it doesn''t need people to
  make up for it. Even if the city was empty, it will still be Tokyo. If you empty
  out NYC it will completely lose its purpose.


  I saw Tokyo at its full power and it struck me as an imposing womanizer, someone
  that you would want to stay away from, but are drawn to like a moth to fire.


  The night lights breathed life into the city.


  I was staring out of the window remembering the disappointment, the fear, and the
  anxiety I stored deep inside about Japan. I was so scared of a country once so dear
  and inspiring ... Our relationship with Japan changed in the past few years, and
  it was torturing me. I needed to know how I feel about it. And all it took was one
  cab ride, one glance at the night city lights to feel at ease, to feel loved.


  I got used to Tokyo the moment I landed and the thought of departing hurt. This
  long-distance relationship with Japan finally reached its conclusion.


  Tokyo welcomed me with his arms widespread and comforted my tired mind. He understood,
  accepted and cheered me up like an old beloved and all the fears I once had of facing
  this mysterious country dissolved into the night of November 19th.'
