Title: On thin ice
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/on-thin-ice
SetInCountry: Norway
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Jordi Canal-Soler
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'I stopped to look around: a vast desert of ice and snow surrounded me. I took
  some photos and kept again my camera safe from the cold inside my parka. Then, I
  followed the tracks that my partners had just left on the snow. We were a few miles
  away from the Geographic North Pole, that blank point on the map where only a hundred
  years before Robert E. Peary had pinned a flag for the first time.

  We were nearly exhausted after eight days of bitter cold, heavy sledge pulling and
  dried-food eating. Somehow, we remembered through our sufferings the harshness of
  the previous expeditions beginning in the 16th century that sailed for the North
  Pole, that mythical point in the geography of our planet. Hundreds of people had
  died trying to reach it, and we hoped that, with modern technologies, ours would
  just be an easy and comfortable expedition. Well, it was not.

  Some wind had started blowing from the south, always the south on our backs, and
  there was no respite in the bone-reaching utter cold that penetrated through our
  clothes. The humid breath froze on our long beards with big ice balls that gave
  us the looks of Santa Claus and remained there until the end of the day when we
  would pitch our tent and fire our stoves. We already had some frozen patches on
  our cheeks.

  I never thought about how much cold I would be enduring when I enlisted for that
  expedition, a Last Degree ski tour to the very top of our World. But I had never
  imagined that we would have nearly died trying to end it. It was during that dreadful
  last day when, out of energy, we decided to shorten our way by crossing a recently
  frozen crack on the ice. It looked a thick enough layer of ice over the 4,000 meters
  of ocean that laid under us. But it was not thick, and we realized it too late,
  in the middle of the 50 meters wide crack, when we could see, shocked and panicked,
  that the presumed compact and solid ice started to ripple under our skis. I have
  never been more afraid than that day, when another step would have meant breaking
  the ice and falling into the freezing water. We would have died of frostbite before
  drowning ourselves. It was not easy to reach again the safe edge of the crack, but
  somehow, we managed to do it. And some miles after that, finally we reached the
  North Pole. Standing at the geographical summit of our planet, we understood that
  technology is not everything, and that in some parts of our world, Nature still
  is that powerful and mighty god that decides who lives and who dies.'
