Title: On the threshold of temporary life
DateModified: '2018-02-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/on-the-threshold-of-temporary-life
SetInCountry: Ukraine
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Kuryko Vira
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: 'Uzhhorod Last time I lived there a month, my life was bohemian. I arrived there,
  as hundreds of other people came there. I also searched Uzhgorod coffee, a castle
  and a saucer alley. But before reaching the castle, I stayed in Uzhhorod for a month.

  My day was like this: I woke up at 11 o''clock in the morning, had breakfast with
  croissants with coffee on the threshold of my temporary dwelling. From the start
  of lunch to the end of lunch, I had conversations with local residents, coffee on
  noisy terraces. I am also surprised when they have time to drink coffee. They drink
  coffee all day. Throughout the day. At first, I was surprised. And what about the
  work? And what about domestic problems? Surprised and drawn into it.

  I went to my favorite bookstore. Mr. Basil poured wine into my glass. Gave me books.
  He called me a lady from the north.

  At 5 o''clock in the evening, I completed the recording, eating something uncomplicated.

  I immediately went to mantras and meditations. I am an atheist. But on the first
  day, I was seized by the deeply tolerant of this city. Dozens of languages, religions,
  traditions were united in this city and it was impossible not to fall in love. I
  am attached to Buddhists, who may not be Buddhists. But they were precisely those
  who told me about a calm heart and a light soul. I did not have such a soul.

  At 8 pm I went to exhibitions, movie shows, poetry reading. This mountain city has
  many powerful artists. I sat with them until deep nights and returned home.

  All night From midnight to the morning I wrote. I wrote an interview and everything
  that happened to me in the day. At 6 am I went to bed and at 11 am I drank coffee
  and chewed croissant.

  When in a month I crossed the mountains and 16 hours of the road, my whole life
  turned upside down. I again became an ordinary girl from the northern city, who
  lives, works, lives, works. I tried to go back to my soul. I realized that Uzhhorod
  is a dream, from which I will not do anything about it.

  I tried and sobbed, but, like any other person, I survived this loss.

  Today, a year later, I have tickets in my pocket. With them I will cross the mountains
  and 16 hours of the road.

  I will arrive there in the morning and I will go from there tonight. One day.

  That is, I will not even be able to repeat that life that I had.

  It will be 23 hours in the city that gave me - me.

  This is the last thing I expect. To visit once again on the threshold of a temporary,
  spare life'
