Title: Once upon a war
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/once-upon-a-war
SetInCountry: Bosnia & Herzegovina
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Alessandra Innocenti
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Never had an idea of what happend 20 years ago, just across the sea... at school
  we talk about the Second World War, we stand up in silence for people who died in
  the genocide, but we never talked about Srebrenica. We arrived there in our bus
  at 1 am in the morning, after a very long journey of almost 24 hours. We were expecting
  to get in contact with the locals pretty soon, they were hosting us for the night.
  We actually had to find a place to stay and wait for the day after. So much work
  then. Expecially for me, i didn''t know what to do, nobody had told me. I felt lost
  in that small village sorrounded from the mountains. I could smell the tragedy from
  the eyes of the locals, the bulletts'' holes on the front of their houses, the strange
  silence that persist everywhere (maybe that''s why bosnians have music in their
  blood, they need to fight that disturbing lack of sounds), but i hadn''t faced the
  cruel reality then. I was so exited at the beginning: me, in a cooperation project,
  with others just like me, who believed that a change in the world was possible,
  even beginning from the small things. Then I saw the headstones, an entire field
  of white crosses and some green ones without names. I asked myself why. I couldn''t
  find the answear. Why them? Why not me? Why something so cruel? Just in the name
  of a lonely, bloody, creepy nation? And if it''s so disturbing looking at what people
  just like me where able to do in the name of a stupid war, how could I explain that
  inner sense of beauty and happiness that had me feeling so guilty at the time? That
  moment, when you undestand that life is like a rare flower, hiding a wonderful secret
  in a very small time. That time we waste with stupid worries and a few dramas, without
  appreciating anything of what''s called "the simple way". I was so captured by these
  emotions I wasn''t able to enjoy my staying as much as I wanted. I met incredible
  people, but deep in my heart I knew I had already lost them, because we were all
  caught from the beautiful contradiction of that place, that little town that''s
  famous just for a tragedy. Nobody knows, but it''s actually a lovely place: there
  are paths on the hills, colorfull houses, and a little orthodox church and a mosque,
  from where we could hear the voice of the muezzin calling to pray. The most beautifull
  part it''s playing with the children: infact there''s no hate among them, no muslims
  or serbians, just kids sharing a passion. Sometimes god is in a shake of hands.'
