Title: One Day on Skye
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/one-day-on-skye
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Laura Thurlow
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: The Isle of Skye is a rugged, mysterious dreamland. Heather covered mountains
  rise out of the sea, disguising glens and coves where it is said the faeries play.
  The weather is harsh, it often feels as though the sea itself is beating against
  your face. My friends and I set off through the Highlands in a rented van to travel
  its narrow and winding roads. Skye, the largest of the Scottish isles, is connected
  to the mainland by a bridge. However, we'd planned to stay on Raasay, a smaller,
  adjacent island accessible only by ferry. It became clear hours into our journey
  that our chances of making it to Skye before the last ferry were slim. A few people
  wanted to return home, citing that even if we made it to Skye for tomorrow, one
  day was not enough to properly see it. They'd go another time, they said. However,
  this was my last chance. I was leaving Scotland in a couple of days. I voted to
  spend the night in Inverness, and head for Skye in the morning. Crossing the bridge
  that next morning felt like breathing in for the first time in months. I felt an
  awareness to nature entirely new. There was no time to linger, however, as we had
  just the day to explore. That day, I hiked three mountains. I stood, mouth agape,
  at the Old Man of Storr, my asthmatic lungs wheezing. The shutter on my camera broke
  from the strength of the winds. I visited the Faerie Glen, and hopped between stepping
  stones in the freezing rain to see the Faerie Pools. That night, on Raasay, we sat
  laughing and soaking wet with a bottle of wine in the common room of the hostel,
  a former clan house with hundreds of years of history. I walked the small island
  the following morning, took in the sunrise and greeted the sheep. We drove to the
  Coral Beach, amazed at the white sands and tropical blue water. It began to rain,
  and we drove to have a last look at Neist Point. I stood knee deep in the freezing
  mud, my camera broken, my clothing ruined, positively thrilled at the sight. At
  the westerly point of the island, you can almost imagine seeing all the way to Canada,
  the way the water stretches on. My heart ached for home. I'd been gone for five
  months. We drove on. On the way, at my request, we stopped to see Eilean Donan castle.
  A majestic building, it sits on a tidal island where three lochs meet. I collected
  a stone from the ground and pressed my hand to the walls. That last long drive out
  of the highlands was heartbreaking. I clutched the stone in my hand. I was exhausted,
  and so very grateful.
