Title: 'One city, one world: New York'
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/one-city-one-world-new-york
SetInCountry: Ecuador
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: jefferson franco
AuthorCountry: Ecuador
Text: 'Traveling to New York is to start discovering the world and its meaning. A
  city where nationalities, cultures and traditions converge and all the people have
  the same unique idea: to be better every day. It is enough to start walking through
  its streets and appreciate the existing diversity. At every corner while waiting
  to cross the street it is possible to see all the mix of races that the world offers
  us. A Hindu converses with a Chinese, while a German raises a newspaper that has
  fallen to a Latina woman just to say an example. Only this great city can offer
  this. And if I want to star to speak about food is a real adventure. It is possible
  to eat a piece of anvItalian pizza and then in the place next to eat a sweet Lebanese
  dessert and when you reach the corner you can enjoy an oriental drink, while a dinner
  at a Latin restaurant awaits us at nightfall. If someone wanted to define a New
  York culture in just one word the only possible answer would be to say multiculturalism
  if that word were ever enough. In a world that is increasingly smaller thanks to
  globalization, this city becomes the best example of what awaits us in the future.
  I will confess that I am a beer lover and when I have the opportunity I take advantage
  of it and I try some new brand that I have never heard of or a beer from the other
  side of the world. Well, in New York I have found hundreds of brands and a very
  picturesque case can be made. A Chinese person may attend us while he sells us the
  beer while he is watching an Europena actor in a US talk show on TV.


  It is said that the inhabitants of New York are not extroverted people and that
  they don''t like to talk with strange people and they just live in seclusion in
  their own world. However, I believe that this is not the case. The city moves at
  the speed of light and every second is very important and almost always this is
  not enough. so often You can not socialize with everyone in a easy way and there
  is only time for that intimate group that we all have and to which we always go
  to remember that we are human and sociable.



  The days go by and the city never stops. The big buildings always observe as guardians
  . Avenues like the 5th or places like Wall Street or the Headquarters of the United
  Nations mark the direction that fashion will take, the way of doing business or
  the coexistence and resolution of conflicts of humanity. But you must never forget
  the true heart and spirit of the city that never sleeps: People.'
