Title: One year in the sun
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/one-year-in-the-sun
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Francesca Cagliani
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Italy - December 2016. One morning I woke up, went to the kitchen to have breakfast.
  I was sitting down there, looking at my tea mug, more specifically at the condensation
  that went out of my cup, and thinking about my future. I graduated at the university
  two weeks earlier, and now? What I have to do now? So I realized. I realized that
  I wanted to learn as much as possible from the world around me. I started some research
  in the net. A place. A flight.


  January 2017. After less than a month I was there, staring at my plane, with the
  strenght and the desire to explore. Four hours later I was in the city that would
  have become my house for 10 months. Marbella. My new life started. I cannot hide
  that I was frightened. what would I have had to do? Without ideas for my working
  future, emptied by my recent breakup with my boy, but now I can say it: that place
  has put again together all of my pieces. They have been ten months in which I''m
  grown and understood who I am, knowing people and discovering such a beautiful and
  breathtaking land: Andalucia.


  Sun is the first word I can think of. The sun healed me: my morning walks with my
  friend Sara helped my body and my soul. Hours and hours spent talking about what
  we did, what we were doing and about the future. Living the moment was our way of
  life. I lived with a Spanish family with three kids in this period. I think it''s
  the best opportunity if you''re really interested - I was - in learn as much as
  possible about a new culture that taught me empathy, happiness and fun. Here the
  sun again. My laughters on the beach at with my babies have heated my heart.


  The sun gave me the opportunity to travel and explore Andalucia. I saw Puerto Banus
  parties, dawns and sunsets, specially in Tarifa, I saw the sun reflected on the
  mosaics of Cordova''s Meszquita, the Alhambra illuminated and became pastel orange,
  like in fairy tales; I loved the sunlight on the water in Sevilla at Spain Square
  and the sunbeams emphasize the banks of Africa. I enjoyed thess rays laying on Malagueta,
  walking down the mountain of Gibraltar, bewaring down of Ronda bridge and singing
  at the top of my lungs during a car trip.


  The sun gave me the opportunity to know amazing people dancing on the beach, drinking
  a beer and eating nachos outdoor, chatting in a park lying on the grass. People
  can seem different on the surface, but in the deep we all have this desire of sun,
  of living and to knowing that unites us.


  The sun gave me the opportunity to live.'
