Title: '&quot;One day, I will be a rich man&quot;'
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/one-day-i-will-be-a-rich-man
SetInCountry: Denmark
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: "Sofie Bj\xF8rnsen"
AuthorCountry: Denmark
Text: '"Holiday? No, no holiday. I work always." The young man smiles subtle and looks
  in the rear mirror. We just jumped in his tuk tuk with our heavy backpacks heading
  from the small southern coastal town towards a guest house in the mountains.


  Our young driver navigates easily in the hectic traffic. His name is Prasad. The
  wind feels refreshing in the humid heat. The familiar smell of fish, garbage and
  incense follows us along the noisy main road. On this side of the island, there
  are almost no physical signs left of the devastating tsunami in 2004. There are
  trees, small shops and houses. Not like the naked coastline in the east.


  It almost becomes an uncomfortable moment, for us, after the response to my boyfriend
  Sebastian''s question about how Prasad, likes to spend his time off work. But he
  doesn''t seem uncomfortable, and the conversation continues.


  Prasad is 24 years old and supporting his family. His brothers and sisters go to
  school, and his parents are marked by years of hard work and tough life conditions.
  Prasad sounds like an old man who has lived a long life when he talks about the
  long civil war. "I love Sri Lanka", he says, almost to himself. "It''s great land".


  The rusty tuk tuk takes a left turn to a bumpy, road leading up the steep mountain.
  Prasad is wearing a dirty cap with ''Sri Lanka'' printed. "Your English good, I
  understand easy", he says with a shy smile looking at us.


  Prasad was studying before the money ran out, and now he works up to 20 hrs a day
  to support his family. "One day, I will be a rich man", he says with a hopeful voice
  and a big smile. Sebastian says that some people in Denmark have enough money are
  not even happy. Prasad makes a twisted smile...as if he didn''t believe him.


  We arrive in front of a tall gate by the end of the dusty road. While I get out
  and ring the home made door bell outside the gate, Prasad is looking down and tells
  that the price is a bit higher as we had to drive so far. Inside the gate, we pay,
  give him extra tips and shake hands.


  I start taking the backpacks out of the tuk tuk. As the manager of the guesthouse
  is appearing almost running towards us, I can see that Sebastian is discretely handing
  Prasad more money.


  Prasad is scratching his forehead under the cap with his eyes wide open looking
  at us both. His smile that loosened up and got bigger during the drive was suddenly
  marked with doubt and surprise. He was nodding and almost laughing as the guard
  impatiently waved him out of the big gate.'
