Title: One-Way
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/one-way
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Philip Yorio
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Australia, what can I say, it was a place that could have inspired Frank Oz
  to write "The Wizard of Oz".  At first, the two destinations I had set to see were
  the popular Melbourne and Sydney but after spending a few weeks there which was
  great and beautiful it wasn't unusual.  It wasn't until I ventured into the Northern
  Territories and seeing the aborigines that was both shocking and fascinating. If
  the U.S. had not decided to venture West going through the Northwest and conquering
  the Native Americans that was the Northern Territories.  I do wish authors like
  John Steinbeck and Mark Twain had gotten a chance to write about their tales in
  Australia I imagine those stories would have been magical.  My neighbor had some
  family ties to the Northern Territory at which both of his cousins would be become
  college football players.  The mystery and mythology of Northern Australia could
  have been explained Homer as Odysseus had journeyed through on his way home.  The
  weather was so erratic, the temperatures would drop so low and then exceed uncomfortability.  My
  tale begins with a plane ticket I couldn't afford and a girl that had dumped me
  like so many before me.  I didn't have enough money for a round-trip ticket and
  was greatly in debt so I was going to live life to its fullest before I would have
  to resort to the world of bitcoin (which I've heard is so seedy and what people
  live on when they want to disappear).  When I took my seat aboard a very overrated
  United Airlines I was seated next to the most beautiful girl I had ever seen and
  that seemed like a good omen to start.  Of course, as soon I looked over to talk
  to her I saw a wedding ring and soon realized that a girl that beautiful aboard
  a crazy expensive flight from LAX to Australia had to be married.  I still came
  up with the courage to talk to her and she was so pleasant and the stories she had
  about Australia gave me so much hope that my adventures down under would be just
  as magical.  When I landed she gave me a hug and said, "Philly be safe and optimistic"
  I often am too hard on myself and was adament that I break that habit as I may not
  come back to the states for a very long time.  I set out to see the touristy Sydney
  and Melbourne and after the two weeks, I hitchiked (something I had never done before)
  from Melbourne toward the Ayers Rocks and from there he said get lost (not in a
  negative angry way, but with a smile and a sense of optimism).  With my immensely
  heavy backpack I never returned.
