Title: One with the sand and the starry sky
DateModified: '2018-01-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/one-with-the-sand-and-the-starry-sky
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Mohini Gupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'It was January 2017, in the midst of winters in Delhi, India when two friends
  decided to go on a road trip from Jaipur to Jaisalmer, Rajasthan. Rajasthan is in
  the north west side of India and generally the winters are more harsher there than
  in Delhi.


  Both of us girls, decided that we would go to Jaipur by Train and then take a self
  drive car and drive straight to Jaisalmer which is approximately 600 Kms and takes
  about 10 hours to reach by road. We started our journey by taking an evening train
  to Jaipur which would reach Jaipur at around midnight. We stayed at a nearby hotel
  to the railway station and planned for an early departure to Jaisalmer to that we
  can reach our destination before sundown.


  As we travelled farther away from urban/semi urban civilization, we were witness
  to some spectacular sights like beautiful peacocks strutting there stuff on the
  side of the road or majestic camels roaming around the vast expanse of nothingness
  at their own leisure and we peasants waiting for them to cross. These were such
  amazing sights to behold. As the day progessed and the evening came, with still
  150 Kms left, we were a little scared as to when we will see some sign of civilization.
  As the sun started going down, we witnessed such beautiful sunset that for a while
  we forgot that we were in a hurry to reach. As luck would have, we failed to meet
  our target of reaching before sundown so now we were travelling in the dark, in
  the middle of nowhere. Very few and far between vehicles passed us and we decided
  to follow the tailights of an army vehicle for direction and finally we reached
  our destination finding it colder and chillier.


  We checked into our hostel and prepared ourselves for our night desert safari the
  next day. The next day, we started our desert safari by reaching our designated
  point and meeting our coordinator for the safari who happened to be a rajasthani
  camel herder. A group of 7 people in which only 2 of us were girls sat on our camels
  and covered a distance of approx 6 Kms, deep into the desert. When we reached our
  spot where we were supposed to spend our night, it surprised us to find that in
  place of tents, there were just mattresses and quilts. After enjoying the most beautiful
  sunset, we had our dinner of ''bajre ki roti'' and soup of lentils with only a bonfire
  to keep us warm. Finally with our mattresses and quilts, we slept on the sand with
  the starry sky as our blanket. It was an experience that we are going to remember
  forever.'
