Title: One Night in Bangkok
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/one-night-in-bangkok
SetInCountry: Thailand
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: James Fennessy
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'There I stood, on the bank of the Chao Phraya River, waiting for a river boat
  to take me to my hotel. It was my first time in Southeast Asia. For the past hour,
  I had been on public transportation, soaking in the sights and sounds of a brand
  new city as I prepared to meet my sister and brother-in-law at our hotel and begin
  our trip through Thailand, Cambodia, and Vietnam.


  As I boarded the boat and we floated down the Chao Phraya, I watched as the lights
  of the Chatrium hotel grew brighter. I might have been slightly disoriented from
  the 20+ hours of travel, but the scene was almost surreal, complete with colorful
  lights sparkling through a dreamlike haze. I must have been disoriented, in fact,
  because we passed the Atrium and soon docked at the Asiatique. After a return trip
  to the dock and boarding the correct boat, I finally arrived at the Chatrium. The
  woman working the desk was extremely friendly. So friendly, in fact, that I was
  soon surprised to discover that my room had been upgraded. I have never stayed in
  a hotel room like this. It was basically a two bedroom apartment, with a balcony
  that overlooked the river and offered breathtaking views of the city...and for only
  $100 USD. Needless to say, my trip was off to a fantastic start!


  I met my sister and brother-in-law in the bar downstairs and, after a drink, we
  decided to search for food. I had researched some interesting restaurants in our
  area, and we decided to try one on the list. I can no longer remember the name of
  that restaurant because, once we were in a cab, the driver told us that it was too
  far and offered to bring us to another location that was closer. Tired and hungry,
  we did not argue.


  As we were driving through the streets of Bangkok, the driver looked at us in the
  rearview mirror and asked us if we had ever been to a Ping Pong Show. We all aid,
  "No," and it was apparent that my brother-in-law and sister did not know what a
  "Ping Pong Show" was. I am intrigued by the darker experiences in life so, while
  I had never heard this specific title for what the driver was asking, I knew what
  it was. I explained the "show" to my companions in the most innocuous terms that
  I could find, but they understood. My brother-in-law was horrified at the thought
  of taking his wife to such a show, and I could not imagine even watching such a
  spectacle with my sister. Needless to say, we arrived at the restaurant, thanked
  the driver, and chose to skip the show. Dinner was delicious, however.'
