Title: 'Oolitic Limestone City: A Blessing and Curse (For A Tourist)'
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/oolitic-limestone-city-a-blessing-and-curse-for-a-tourist
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Libbey Hanson
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Let me begin with this. Bath is a beautiful city in England made of all oolitic
  limestone sitting in the hilly country. This is how me and my friend Danny learned
  an important lesson while there.

  We had to be back at the tour bus at 6:30. We had 3 hours to wander the streets
  of Bath. Danny and I walked through parks, and residential areas. saw churches and
  overlooks; I can honestly say we saw Bath. However, England gets dark, and it gets
  dark early. By 5pm we were walking around in complete darkness. It was an hour until
  we had to meet at the bus and I asked Danny "Danny, where even are we?" Danny knew
  my point and pointed to the north and said "The bus is that way." So I said, "I
  think we should get our bearings before exploring much more." and he agreed. We
  walked and walked into the city centre where literally nothing looked familiar.
  Remember my comment of the stone buildings in Bath? Well that is both a blessing
  and curse because every building looks the same. It was nearly impossible to tell
  if we had previously walked this street, or even if we were walking in circles.
  Danny claimed he remembered the name of an area the bus was parked near by. His
  phone had died so I got mine out for a GPS and noticed that my phone was only at
  30%--my first tinge of panic. "Okay, I put it in my GPS. We are 17 minutes away."
  So we walked further into the city centre...and then we walked out of the city centre...and
  then we walked over a dark bridge...and then into a dark neighborhood. Danny said
  it didn''t feel right but I stayed silent. I knew it was wrong too. I noticed two
  girls walking the same way as us and thought I recognized them from our group. I
  walked over and asked "Are you with the Leicester group?" There blank faces confirmed
  "No". Okay, this was the time to panic. I called our group leader and the conversation
  went like this, "Hello?" "Hello, we are lost." "Okay, be back by 6:30." "No I don''t
  think you understand. We are lost." "Okay be back by 6:30". Wow, she was so helpful.
  Okay, to make a long story...still long. I remembered we parked by a college. I
  looked it up and prayed it was Bath College as I put it into my GPS. A 16 minute
  walk. We had 20 minutes left. Luckily, we found our way back with 5 minutes to spare.
  I have never felt so panicked. I thought we were going to be left there with no
  phones. Let this be a lesson to all: bring portable phone chargers and lesson 2:
  if you''re ever a group leader, be better than our girl.'
