Title: Our Shared Journey
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/our-shared-journey
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Megan  Bialas
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: I was six times zones and 7900km away when I made a connection that I will never
  forget. Last year I was spending my weekdays teaching English and my weekends exploring
  Italy. On our 9th week on tour my group landed in San Donato- a less than tourist
  friendly area just outside of Milan. I was in love with the small Italian villages
  but, much to my surprise it was Milan that changed everything. I fell in love with
  the Duomo. There's an odd delicate nature to it. You are drawn to run to it and
  walk the steps that so many people have tread on before you. My group and I decided
  to brave the rainy weather and wait in line to go to the roof. About half way up
  you start to wonder, is this really worth it? Your embarrassingly out of breath,
  the stairways are getting more narrow- but you keep going. Close to the top you
  can see the clear path that has been worn into the marble. It almost shocked me
  thinking of the number people who had walked in these exact steps. As I took the
  first step onto the roof I felt this connection with strangers as you find yourself
  staring at the same detailed window. After spending as much time as we could seeing
  every detail, we made the trek back to our San Donato apartment, where I called
  my family. When my Dad asked me what we had done that weekend I couldn't stop talking.
  After about 20 minutes of me spewing my new found love for Milan my dad said "I
  couldn't agree more" I have to admit for a second I was confused. My ego took over
  and I thought that perhaps I had painted such a clear picture of it that he felt
  he also now loved Milan. "When your mom and I were there, we loved it.", he continued.
  When they travelled to Italy I was in junior high school, and probably too caught
  up in lip gloss to pay much attention to anything, but how could I have forgotten
  the city that sparked their love for the country I now lived in? Suddenly we were
  launched into our love for a city thousands of km away from anything we thought
  the other knew. You can live your whole life knowing someone and you won't know
  what smells triggers memories of their happiest days, or what makes their stomach
  drop. After connecting with my Dad over our shared memories of the city of Milan
  I started to realize we are all trying to hold onto our good memories, create a
  better life for ourselves, and we all have stories of our wild Friday nights. You
  begin to wonder what paths you've walked on that were created by someone you know.
