Title: Out of the Bubble
DateModified: '2018-02-12'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/out-of-the-bubble
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Pragya Arora
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Born and brought up in the mountains, I never really had a penchant for trips
  to the hill stations. Every hill town in India that I had ever visited was similar
  to my hometown- peppered with temples, a small local market, herd dung, and ghost
  stories. So, a trip to Lansdowne, a cantonment perched in the Garhwal region of
  India, was something I wasn''t particularly excited about.


  When I entered Lansdowne, my jaw dropped just like my notions.


  The streets were clean. Instead of animal waste, the path was full of red and pink
  flowers fallen from rhododendron trees. The roads were steep. But that wouldn''t
  withhold an explorer from walking because every nook and corner was breathtakingly
  beautiful. Somewhere there was a bench amidst pine trees. Sometimes a small hillock
  alongside the road was waiting to be climbed. An old cemetery resting stories from
  the British era anticipated a visit. Sunshine making its way from the clouds and
  tall Deodar trees expected to be noticed.


  Lansdowne nests two churches from the medieval times, surrounded by oak trees and
  rusted swings. The area is ancient which sets you for a stroll in the Indian Modern
  History books. I imagined the knights on horsebacks leaving for war, their wives
  praying in the churches, and children playing on the swings oblivious to the situation.


  The market smelled of spices and leather. I saw a long queue of men ending in a
  modest shop with only a small cavity in the wall for interaction. Curious, I asked
  one of the many military men what the crowd was buying. His face reddened a little
  when he told me that it was the only liquor shop in town.


  Just because Lansdowne is sparsely populated it doesn''t mean it has escaped from
  the tales of paranormal activities. The night watchers of the regiment don''t dare
  to fall asleep during their duties. It is said that a headless horse rider hits
  them on their heads if they do.


  At night I sat outside, under the stars with a big moon gawking down at me. There
  was sheer silence. The world vanished into cold darkness. I blankly stared at the
  forest in front of me; the forest lifelessly stared back. I almost started to believe
  in the headless rider. They say if you have Gods by your side the ghosts cannot
  harm you. Is that why there are so many temples in the hill stations?


  From somewhere far away a woodpecker''s drumming echoed around the sleeping town.
  The sound came as solace, an assurance that something else too was alive with me.'
