Title: Padhaaro mahaarey desh
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/padhaaro-mahaarey-desh
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Rahul puri  Goswami
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'One fine day when I left alone to explore to JODHPUR, jaipur and udaipur. It''s
  just a travel to experience the road and places which I like the most to be with
  someone. Just a wandering soul to connect with inner me, as travel gives me a satisfaction
  to my eagerness to exploration of places and mighty forts of RAJASTHAN.

  Let''s start the journey from jaipur.. I am basically a dental graduate in 2009
  shifted to jaipur for my internship in a dental college. No friends new place just
  one fun my bike and my interest in coffee. Let''s begin with the exploration of
  cafe coffee day as I like coffee and never been and my first tried coffee was kapde
  nirvana at the cafe in front of jalmahal a cool breeze of the lake in the evening
  with tremendous beautiful lights of jalmahal and scenic beauty of travails, here
  you can enjoy the open air scenery of the place. With coffee just me and my thoughts.
  Then the next stop is amer fort of jaipur. A mighty tales of big fort with morning
  bells and folks of elephants just to give you goosebumps about the fort I which
  a beautiful kesar kyaari in between the lake and a beautiful scenic beauty of aravalis
  and a old city in the surrounding wall of the fort in the back side... again after
  spending a year filled of joys I shifted to JODHPUR for my postgraduation, here
  the start of the coursework a orientation function in HOTEL UMMED PALACE which is
  biggest fort in the world after Buckingham palace. A beautiful garden with lush
  green outside with a small museum to keep all the belongings of JODHPUR rajwada
  and a serene beauty of vintage cars are displayed there here I first make my co
  pg friends and as year passed I made new friends preeti Mankar and manoj with whom
  I explored more city places like mehrangarh fort and mandore garden with a teacher
  Dr. Dhal and his family. Mehrangarh is a place of having beautiful museum and a
  cafe and a temple of shakti Peeth. And mandore garden is a garden with 1000 temples
  with lots of monkeys. As the time passes of my post graduation I explored cities
  of pushkar with beautiful cloth tear holi bash and after the completion of of my
  post graduation I shifted to udaipur for my first job as assistant professor in
  a dental college. Udaipur is called Venice of east and city of lakes with most beautiful
  lakes and that''s in all the round city.. fatehsagar is the lake is famous for boats
  and fish aquarium and tasty coffee. Lake pichola, kumbhalgarh fort and haldighati
  are also the attraction the place.'
