Title: Paradaise Lost
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/paradaise-lost
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Juan Gonzalez Losa
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'I was clear that I wanted an exotic, sunny, solitary destination, a place to
  abandon myself to the purest Robison Crusoe style. The Maldive Islands was the destination
  that I chose with my partner. The resort that I chose was, by far, the best in the
  whole area. It was located on one of the isolated atolls of the archipelago. Lush
  tropical gardens, floating restaurants, swimming pools that were confused with the
  sea, lakes covered by water lilies. The rooms were not habitations, it was authentic
  independent villas that flew over the sea supported by wooden piles. They were literally
  stuck in the water and we had a butler 24 hours a day.

  It seemed that nothing and nobody could get us out of there, that everything we
  needed was inside that exclusive enclosure and, until then, unattainable. But not
  everything was going to be eating freshly caught lobster, savoring papaya smoothies
  or jumping from the gentle waves of the sea holding hands. Imagine that there, behind
  the paradise we were enjoying, there would be others that we could not miss.

  Fortunately, both Marta and I loved the water so I dared to book, at that very moment,
  the snorkeling trip. It could be fun to put on our diving goggles, bite the breathing
  tube and observe the coral reef, the goldfish and all that underwater world that
  the natives so presumed so much.

  At 10 o''clock in the morning we were Marta and I in the place of activities on
  the beach, dressed as if we were going to the Caribbean. The guide explained everything
  to us in native language and we could not understand anything about the activity.

  I do not know how we came out unscathed from the adventure because we did not understand
  a word of the instructions he gave us to practice snorkeling, nor of the safety
  guidelines that we had to follow, nor did we learn which fish time we were going
  to see or that he could attack us a barracuda. We did not care, all we needed to
  know was that we had until two in the afternoon to enjoy all that.

  But everything is over, I come back to reality. No trace of the trip; No photos,
  no gifts or even the amount of dirty clothes that we always bring back. Perhaps,
  I have missed feeling on my face the wet and salty sea breeze. Anyway, the next
  time we can travel with Raquel to a destination that we will choose together, but
  this time we are not afraid of anything and who knows what destiny will bring.'
