Title: Paris or Bust, eh?
DateModified: '2018-01-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/paris-or-bust-eh
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Anna Rindfleisch
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'This is it, the beginning of my year abroad, where I''ll studying in a city
  I never expected to see again and living alone for the first time in my life. It''s
  6:32am and I''m waving goodbye to my parents, ascending the escalator. When I said
  farewell to my brother yesterday I cried like a blubbering whale (I''m not sure
  what sort of image this is supposed to conjure up in your mind). Now, sitting in
  front of gate 43 in LAX waiting for my 7:30am boarding time I realize I''m incredibly
  lucky. I have learned to love people immensely and without fear and have done it
  unknowingly. When I arrive at JFK, the flight before did not feel quite as long
  as I''d anticipated it to be. The process of getting to my new gate at JFK; however,
  felt incredibly long. I first asked like 4 people, was mislead twice, and ended
  up having to grab a map. An hour later and I found my gate, bought an overpriced
  smoothie and started mentally prepping for the big flight. Actually landing in Paris
  was not what I''d expected. You know those aerial shots of the Eiffel Tower you
  see in the movies. Then there''s a plane touching down, and cab being hailed, and
  then more video footage of the Eiffel Tower. It all seems easy, right? Yeah, well,
  what a lie. First, I got off the plane and realized my phone had no service. After
  going through customs I walked right out of the international baggage claim are
  without my bags. I cannot stress this enough: it is imperative for people traveling
  to a foreign country to NOT leave the international baggage claim area because trust
  me it will be so incredibly hard (and insanely embarrassing) for you to get back
  there. The panic set in, as I wandered around using my limited knowledge of the
  French language, communicating with people that no, my bag was not lost, I just
  walked out of the baggage claim area without it. They''d then look at me blankly
  and try very hard not to laugh. A man escorted me to the British Airways station,
  where annoyed employees sent me to the lost baggage area. From this lost baggage
  desk to the Gate G sign where I met a different tiny old man who led me to the baggage
  area that I was supposed to go to originally. Once there I discovered that my bag
  was indeed lost. Basically making my epic struggle of communicating in broken French
  and walking around ORLY a gigantic waste of time. To this day, I still have no idea
  how I got to my apartment.'
