Title: Part of My City that took me to Past
DateModified: '2018-02-12'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/part-of-my-city-that-took-me-to-past
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Deepak Bhatt
AuthorCountry: India
Text: There was always something inside of me that kept me telling,Deepak, you're
  not destined to stay inside office and spent your 12-14 hours in front of laptop.
  But still, i did it for 2 constant years,not sure why but yes i did. There were
  numerous reasons like eldest child in family,huge debt of father,sister's marriage
  and much more. But yet, a part of me always liked to switch to FOX Traveler,Discovery,
  Food Shows on my television. It was summer of March in my country when i took off
  from my office and set foot out to explore part of my city. It was more sort of
  responsibility rather than personal choice. Coming day i had to go for a tour assigned
  to me by my friend and need to make sure all is in order. I rode in a metro and
  set my first foot on Old lanes of my Delhi city. Seeing those wires hanging above
  my head,those rickshaw drivers smoking and driving their cycle,prayer at mosque
  and that mouth-lickering street food made me think why i didn't came to this part
  of Delhi before. I started walking and covering different lanes of Delhi,trying
  different food,talking with locals and doing my research of which places to cover
  in coming tour. I always heard in travel stories of famous vloggers that when you
  first visit to Old Delhi,then definitely you would be facing cultural shock. But
  i kinda skeptical person,never thought it would make me so curious to know about
  this part that i would leave my stable job and start reading history books. Yes,
  it did happened and after i completed my next day tour, i again visited that part
  and explored it more. Reading stories,stopping at a place observing what's happening
  around,listening to prayers of Sikh temple and smelling spices at Spice bazar. My
  one day trip at Old Delhi transformed me as an introvert software tester to a tour
  guide, who loves to tell stories of my city and passionately telling to people coming
  to my country that yes indeed we do a rich cultural heritage and i'm proud of it.
