Title: Patinas and unicorns in Haga
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/patinas-and-unicorns-in-haga
SetInCountry: Sweden
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Eva Angharad Mitchell
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: My first visit to Haga, was through the snow, the sky gray and thick with impending
  snowfall and the chill in the air all makes the cafes extra inviting. I feel the
  cobbles under my feet and take in the buildings surrounding me on this pedestrian
  street. Each long, pale building has a two part structure. Stone first floor to
  stop the fires that used to break out in the old town and wooden panels making up
  the second and third floors.  Haga is an area in Gothenburg that mostly relates
  to one street, Haga Nygata. Down another side street is a steep hill with a building
  that has a big golden crown on top. A lone figure making their way down the extremely
  sheer, icy and snowy steps connecting the building at the top of the grassy hill
  to the street below. I decide to go into one of the more unusual shops, baby pink
  and silver sparkling tinsel in the window and a bright sign boasting unicorns.  I
  am greeted by a smiley shop owner who has his lip and nose pierced several times,
  selling Pikachu dresses, a vintage baby blue coat, plastic plates, pusheen soft
  toys, punky pins and ice cream sandwich earrings.  For my first meal in Sweden,
  I try Cafe Kringlan.  I sit down and take in the bold, dark pattern of the vintage
  wallpaper and numerous dark oil paintings in ornate, gold frames hanging from the
  walls. The lunches come with a selection of six vegan salads, with grains, pulses
  and complex, unfamiliar but flavoursome  and delicious dressings. Above my table
  is a chandelier, providing a fitting finishing touch to the retro, extravagantly
  decorated but small and still cozy space.  I ask the waitress about the building
  I have seen with the crown.  Skansen Kronan, it is a 17th century fort that was
  used to house guns. For unusual architecture, I am advised to visit the craft center
  in Gothenburg, an 18th century building also originally constructed for housing
  artillery.  I arrive at the Kronhuset art center to find a several stories high
  building of red bricks with an entirely pale green roof.  After the first glimpse
  in Haga, I have been spotting the occasional pale green scattered across the otherwise
  gray roofscape of the city.  Inside there is a selection of hand made hats, scarves
  and fabric jewelry with a steampunk influence. I ask the lady who is knitting behind
  the counter about the colour of the roof, she tells me that the roof is copper and
  when it tarnishes, the green is known as a patina.
