Title: Pink revolution
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/pink-revolution
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Catharina van Delden
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'I immediately knew I would replay the picture of his neon pink wig over and
  over in my head long after I left the island. The way his cheap plastic hair glistened
  in the sun, the way his skin was proof of the intensity of the latino sun would
  become my personal "go to memory" in times of self-doubt, he would unknowingly become
  my teacher, my guidance, my inspiration. Singing "Me gusta mayors" with his voice
  blurry from Cuba Libre. "I like older man", he is singing it as a flirtatious invitation
  to much younger Russian boys. The muscular men understand "do you like this much
  older man with a pink wig" while they don''t understand an actual word of his Spanish
  and answer with smiling ignorance.


  How he wants to be perceived as scandalous, as the galleons figure of a sub culture
  in the sexualized and physical - yet strictly hetero - Cuban culture. But even his
  see-through speedo cannot hide his insecure and questioning look.


  He is coming from a society that like no other has been glorified for their fight
  for freedom with Che-"The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe.
  You have to make it fall"-Guevara; his silhouette face printed on countless shirts,
  a worn out fashion protest. Yet this same nation still lives with communist restrictions
  in their daily lives that are hard to comprehend for visitors like me.


  Gay Cubans still live under a law that "prohibits a publicly manifested presence"
  of their sexuality, of their true self. A law that followed an official "legalization"
  of homosexuality on 1979. As proof of Cubas increasing LGBT friendliness they tell
  me that Cuba has up to 4,000 active daily Grindr users. Is usage of a gay dating
  app a way to show that living one''s own sexuality freely is possible when only
  a few percent of the population can access the internet at all? They take me to
  bars to make a point, where I meet many Cuban gays - who later all reveal themselves
  as so called "gay for pay" prostitutes.


  But there he is, the Habanero in his pink wig, singing Bad Bunnys radio chart hit.
  He is fighting for a revolution, he is fighting to be allowed to publicly be himself.
  One flirt with a cute boy at a time.


  "Si, es asi. Me gusta mayores, me gusta tu." I like older men, I like you. He gives
  me the brightest smile, a straight woman at a gay beach flirting with a gay man
  is exactly a girl of his spirits. Mi Cayito beach, the place of the true Cuban revolution.
  My personal Che wearing his pink wig with the pride he deserves.'
