Title: Pirates, What a Life For Me!
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/pirates-what-a-life-for-me
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Emily Harmon
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: A week in Galveston, Texas was a wonderful experience, but extremely shocking
  to me. I am a California native living with my mother who is native to Texas, and
  a vacation during the summer calls for a beach visit. I was used to a shiny blue
  sea, with gulls squawking, the smell of sea on the air, the cool water washing the
  sun's rays away. The shock of brown water from the Gulf scared me, and I couldn't
  get over it. With everything that happened in that water doesn't surprise me, but
  now looking back I should've given it a try, with what I heard from my co-workers
  the water has a comfortable warmth that is shockingly different from the cold ocean.
  Loving the history of life on the high seas made me have a great respect for the
  ocean and a desire to live on it like pirates did, just without the thievery or
  drinking all day. I love Galleon ships, so before we left to Galveston my mother
  told me about an old fashioned three-masted ship called Elissa. I was over the moon
  to be seeing one in real life and the opportunity to sail on one, and nearby was
  a Pirate museum that we we're planning on visiting before then. Oh how I wished
  it didn't rain on our official last day in Galveston, I was depressed, we went to
  the museum at first enjoyed finding clues like pirates, learning about the history
  of famous pirates like Blackbeard, or Mary Read. When we hopped over to the harbor,
  where the gorgeous Galleon sat in her glory, sails down of course, I took some pictures.
  I enjoyed the shop inside and bought a book on pirates way of living on the seas.
  Leaving the gift shop I looked out towards the skyline, seeing no end to the gloomy
  gray clouds that barely dripped water, seeing the slightly rough water below. My
  eyes then scanned the ship with its magnificent tall masts, wooden helm, and I made
  a decision for myself. I will own my own ship one day, and I will sail the seas,
  traveling all over the world with my beautiful wooden vessel with some modern attachments.
  A three-masted Galleon made from African blackwood, white sails, and a lot of hard
  work.
