Title: Playing with buildings
DateModified: '2018-01-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/playing-with-buildings
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Joana Judice
AuthorCountry: Portugal
Text: It was snowing. It was cold. Minor 14 degrees. I got off the bus at Port Authority
  Central Bus Station. It is adjacent to Times Square. Middle Town, 42nd Street, 7th
  Avenue. My first hand shake to New York was compound by the jungle of out-of-sight
  buildings, with mountain-sized signs jumping between flashes of colors and messages
  that you can't help but stare at. I remember when I got into the street and felt
  the cold bristling with the little skin I had in sight. My hands paling from the
  dry winter air and loosing the sense of the tip of my nose. My heart smiled. And
  when my lips tried to follow its dance of happiness I realized that I was on the
  verge of facial paralysis. I smiled even more. Amid the bright eyes leaping amid
  sparks of admiration I sought out someone who could indicate where should I go to
  UpTown. I turned my body on my feet with my head raised toward the blue open sky.
  And among the swirls I swallowed without delay, I discovered the first fascination
  of the city that never sleeps, illuminated by its mirrored textures and buildings
  of light. I thought I liked better the historical buildings, loaded with gothic,
  baroque details... There were always words behind those buildings. Studies and stories
  to be told. Erudite buildings of distinct cultures and literary elites. However,
  with all due respect for them, this is a brand new experience and relationship with
  the surrounding architecture. A personal, instantaneous, invasive, deep, extremely
  self-taught and individualistic relationship that invites and emerges you in another
  artistic dimension of pure creation and freedom. Going through the streets of New
  York is like walking into a candy shop and wish to taste all the sweets inside.
  It's not a joke when they call it the city of dreams and endless possibilities.
  Despite its giant size, its size does not crush you, it magnifies you. It doesn't
  suffocate yourself, gives you wings. It doesn't arrest or teach or protect, it just
  exposes yourself to your challenge. Gets you rid of prejudices and rules. And it
  will grind your bones if you stop moving. It's beauty is a force of nature. A restless
  impulse. An incessant search for perfection. To stop is to die. There are many corners
  to discover, with many opportunities to offer. There are also many dreamy jackets
  that shine and stand out from the crowd. There is so much of everything. New York,
  the city that conquered me in milliseconds.
