Title: Playing in the ruins
DateModified: '2018-02-04'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/playing-in-the-ruins
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: John Worth
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Once, before technology allowed us to virtually walk down a street, destinations
  held mystery. There was only so much planning possible. I thought on this as I rode
  the train out of Himeji, relishing the clear lack of a plan guiding my day. First,
  Kakurinji, a small, ancient temple near Kakogawa. Kakurinji was a good choice, the
  type of temple you find when you get off the beaten path and see the world as the
  locals do. It was maintained by an army - well, squad, really - of volunteers, who
  were busy preparing the grounds for the New Year celebration. The elderly lady working
  the entrance looked surprised and happy to see me, and in our conversation I learned
  that they rarely get any tourists. "Too far from the station," she lamented, and
  then wished me a happy visit.


  It was that. Beautiful, old, and appreciated by the families who still depend on
  such temples as part of their lives.


  From Kakurinji it was a couple of miles to Hamanomiya Park. I knew nothing about
  the park other than there is a disc golf course, one of the few in the region. Nothing
  makes a vacation special like doing your hobby in a foreign place, combining the
  comfortable with the challenge of working within a new set of rules. What nothing
  prepared me for, though, was playing disc golf among the ruins of an old shrine.
  The course meandered through tall pines that grew around the chiseled stones of
  shrine columns, statues, lanterns, often covered with a thick blanket of moss. If
  my disc flew off course, rather than be disappointed I was elated because it gave
  me a chance to discover some hidden block of stone. I played in the sense that children
  play, unaware that there is a broader world out there, imagining the shrine as it
  once was, feeling peace as I inhaled the earthy scent of decaying pine needles,
  letting the unseasonable warmth comfort me. I played the course twice, knowing I
  was in an undiscovered place, off the beaten path even for Japanese, unsure if I
  would ever return because I would hate to find that magic was just that: a trick
  brought about by the combination of senses that cannot be replicated.


  I left for my next destination - Suma - with a deep sense of satisfaction that settled
  into my gut like a good meal.'
