Title: 'Plein air in Iceland '
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/plein-air-in-iceland
SetInCountry: Iceland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Julie  Sparkuhl
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'A steady course of moisture freckled the air; encapsulating us in a wet cloud
  that we had never experienced before. I stood towards one of the rocky edges that
  almost faced the waterfall and took in a deep breath, smelling the water and mossy
  grass which surrounded the water of Seljalandfoos Iceland.

  "God it''s cold," my father standing next to me had complained a good hour and an
  half, and now quieted down and admired the view. "Alright I''ll admit it, it was
  worth the trek to get here. And you''re right; Google images wouldn''t have given
  you the same picturesque view like the one we''re seeing now."

  "Thanks dad, knew you understand once we got here." I replied in a happy tone.  I
  started to take out my plein air material, my stand, pens, pencils, paints and water
  and started to roughly sketch before me. Dad gave me one of his rare happy smiles
  and started to wonder off, his shadow pricking the landscape as he moved from the
  rocks and towards the waterfall.

  I had brought with me a small traveling stool, I knew the ground would be colder
  than you know what, and wanted to spare my butt from the cold. I quickly arranged
  my stool and supplies, which consisted of my mixed media journal, travel paint and
  other supplies at the ready. I did a quick gouache of color, something to lay down
  the foundations before capturing the encroaching shadows and fading light. I quickly
  grasped my pencil, etching in some large rocks, giving myself a little it of ground
  to play with before laying down my paints.

  Plein air was still new to me, I thought I was ready for people to come in and out
  of the scene and some part of me was, but now I had to deal with people and I didn''t
  think I was ready to put figures in my painting. But I had to get over this fear
  of not putting people in, wasn''t the whole reason of being here was to make a local
  connection? Wasn''t this part of the experiment to get out my shell and explore
  not just a town, but to take something away? To show that I''d grown as a person
  and artist? These questions swirled in my head as I looked at the scene developing
  in front of me and decided that I need to be brave and figure this problem out before
  I let the problem conquer me.

  Two hours must have passed when my father stomped his way back to me. His boots
  squelched on the grass and his breathing came in and out even breaths. I stopped
  for the briefest of moments, squinting my eyes, trying to see the shadows and light
  playing against one another.

  "Not bad kiddo," my dad said.'
