Title: 'Poor Man&#39;s Paradise '
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/poor-man-s-paradise
SetInCountry: St Lucia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jill Wentworth
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'A Rastafarian man reaches into rusty metal barrel, fashioned as a barbecue
  grill, to rearrange hot coals and bits of burnt wood with his bare hands. "Whoa!
  Hands of steel!" I exclaim, thinking he needs tongs, or something I''d find at my
  local Home Depot and any other typical, commercial-like grilling tools. He seems
  unphased by my exclamation, taunting myself and a couple other boys hailing from
  the island of St. Lucia, teasing us for our poor barbecue grilling skills. We''ve
  been unable to light this fire to properly cook the fish that we have caught earlier
  that day - a whole bucketful of fish that I''ve caught close to the shore from a
  tiny aluminum skiff. I''ve enjoyed great locals-type fishing day, drinking their
  national beer, a pale ale called Piton, named for the great pair of lush green,
  cylindrical pistes that iconically and unmistakably identify this Caribbean island.
  Now, I stand grilling our catch on a palm-lined, starlit beach, and additionally
  enjoying the illumination of the new flames created by the Rastafarian.  His hands
  seemingly unscathed, he smiles and congratulates himself on his accomplishment of
  starting the flame.  He eyes my small, digital camera in my pocket, "My name is
  Hollywood!" he begs me to allow him to take my photo. I think I''ll need to coach
  him on the instruction of my camera use, but he assures me that his photography
  and videography skills would be so acclaimed if only he could get a chance to make
  it in Hollywood. He doesn''t have his own camera, but a willing tourist without
  a tripod is always looking for a friendly face to capture a portrait to take back
  home.

  My other grilling companions, a group of young boys from the island, are a bit of
  a band of misfits. Our first crossing of paths, I was walking through the gates
  of my modest hotel in the otherwise, over-the-top luxurious setting of Marigot Bay,
  and they quietly asked me if I wanted to buy drugs of the smoking variety. I sheepishly
  bowed my head, politely declined, and felt a bit ashamed, wondering what about myself
  looked like I needed marijuana on vacation. My shame quickly subsided when I noticed
  that they were making the same offer to any tourist walking through those hotel
  gates and after a few days, the boys knew my face and knew what answer I would give
  to any sales pitch. Except one day, I answered in the affirmative to join a fishing
  trip and in return I''d provide groceries for a fish dinner on the beach. Now, I
  asked my grilling companions about the re'
