Title: Precious achievement through cooperation
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/precious-achievement-through-cooperation
SetInCountry: Myanmar
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Thinn Nay Chi Sun
AuthorCountry: Myanmar
Text: Although people have to try individually for their daily basis, it is impossible
  to live alone and away from the society. Not only in daily life but also in travelling
  or vacations, we have to deal with other people for our tasks and missions. The
  importance of cooperation can be seen in group works and sports like football and
  mountain climbing. Two years ago, I joined with hiking team in my university for
  my first ever hiking trip. That has been the most challenging and memorable trip
  in life. I have struggle many things along the way. That mountain is situated in
  central Myanmar, dry zone and notorious in summer. We went there in summer and faced
  with drought and deforestation. Due to weather condition, the whole team faces with
  dehydration problem. I was physically and mentally tired at that time. I thought
  many times to stop and go back to the base camp without going to the peak. At the
  time, some of my seniors and teammates who have better stamina helped the rest who
  are not so strong enough during mountain climbing. They shared some water when not
  everyone have enough amount of water to continue the journey. My brothers and sisters
  from hiking group treated me well by providing food and water and mental strength
  as well. They always said "look at the journey you have passed and it lasts just
  few distance to continue". Their words encouraged me to motivate myself and conquer
  the mountains. That has pushed me to continue along the journey until the edge so
  that i can see the breath taking view from the peak of the mountains. With the encouragement
  from my teammates and my own efforts, I could stand on the summit of the mountain.
  Without them, I am nothing and don't know how to survive in the jungle. Therefore,
  I can say that my precious achievement has been accomplished through cooperation
  with hiking mates. That is a first part of my hiking life and has been my greatest
  success in life.
