Title: Presence in Time and Place
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/presence-in-time-and-place
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Alvin Wijono
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'I had one of the best times in my life during a week of liveaboard scuba dive
  trip in one of the best places to scuba dive in the world, Komodo National Park.
  Komodo National Park is like we jumped back in time to a completely different world.
  We were all amazed by the abundant varieties of fish and corals from the very first
  dive to the last. I was watching them all in awe when some of the blacktip sharks
  circled around me. One of the things that sharks do when they spot their prey is
  that they circle around it before launching an attack. But I knew at the moment
  that those black tips were not eyeing me as their lunch. I spent so much time doing
  nothing, just sitting on top of the sands and watching them hanging out.  I felt
  a great sensation and adrenaline rush more than anything I could have remembered.
  I knew they wanted to know me better like I did them. I have a great respect for
  those black tips and I think they understood it and did the same to me. I doubt
  my selfie photos will get any better than that one, ever.


  After a week of living on a boat, we went to Wae Rebo Village, Manggarai District.
  I actually still find a hard time describing all the experience during that one
  day in the village because it was just extraordinary. The view of all the lush green
  mountains surrounding the village is breathtaking. One of the local kids is named
  Oba, an eight-year-old who is full of life, very cheerful and always smiling. The
  precious moment came when he accompanied me during the night as we were gazing upon
  the stars. His mother told him repeatedly to go inside the house but he insisted
  to stay with me for a while. He would tell me about his parents, sisters, and friends.
  He told me about his back injury from falling five meters down when he was trekking
  to a neighboring village. He described the girl he liked as the most beautiful girl
  in the world. She has the brightest eyes, the cutest smile and he loves the way
  she talks and dances. I actually started to question myself if I was really talking
  to an eight-year-old. He was telling me all about his life.


  Traveling for me is not only about visiting new places but it''s more about connecting
  myself to everything I encounter and experience. Despite all the beautiful landscape
  and underwater sights, the most important thing is my presence at the particular
  moment in the particular place. Playing with sharks and gazing upon the stars with
  Oba, priceless!'
