Title: Primal Fear and Hubris Collide
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/primal-fear-and-hubris-collide
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Jordan Mitchell-Love
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I heard my girlfriend's soothing voice, using the same tone she does when speaking
  to children. She's trying to help me move my frozen and terrified body, help reduce
  the tunnel vision that is a sure sign of a panic attack, help me come back to sanity.
  I can hear her voice, and intellectually I understand that she's doing her best
  to get me to concentrate and take care of myself. Emotionally, all I'm experiencing
  is crippling fear. I was on one of the highest parts of Angel's Landing in Utah.
  We had just finished a two-mile hike into the sky, my legs were on fire and my lungs
  burned, but I felt so accomplished. My whole life I have had an extreme aversion
  to heights, and that fear has only intensified. So naturally when you have a crippling
  phobia the only logical solution is to try and tackle a trail where 15 people have
  died, where there are 1,000 foot sheer drops, and at certain points on the trail
  you have to hold onto a fixed chain or slide down limestone without anything to
  hold onto. What could possibly go wrong? However this climb proved too much for
  me; I just couldn't hold back the tidal wave of anxiety and fear that I had kept
  at bay for the entirety of the trip. When fear takes hold of you, all logic flies
  out the window. You aren't able to keep up with any of the lies that you tell yourself.
  You aren't even a grown-up anymore; when fear takes hold, you are simply a vulnerable
  child that wants nothing more than to be held and protected from all of the terrible
  things in the world. I hear my girlfriend call out to me once more. I summon the
  will to bring myself out of the abyss and try to focus on her voice. Gradually my
  vision follows, and I'm able to see her warm smile and outstretched hand through
  my tears. I take a breath and reach out to her and my body finds the strength to
  propel itself the last couple of feet into her arms. I begin to tremble, knowing
  that the fear in me was something raw and powerful, forcing my hubris to listen
  to that little boy within me. And yet, I felt extremely accomplished; I was able
  to look into the eyes of my deepest fears and overcome it, even if only slightly.
  I was able to come to terms and know myself on a primal level, and even though I
  didn't conquer my demons today I know that one day I will be able to. But for now
  I nuzzle myself into my girlfriend's arms and let her hold me tight, giving that
  small child a little extra love.
