Title: Privileges of Long term Travel
DateModified: '2018-02-14'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/privileges-of-long-term-travel
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Kalinga Keshari Sahoo
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Some people travel for the sake of vacationing and some other want to meet new
  people, experience new culture and try out new cuisine. Those who travel for vacationing
  called tourists and the latter are being called traveler. As a traveler its not
  easy to adapt new language or culture in a day. So the best way to experience the
  locals is to do what they do and eat what they eat. Before travelling to a place
  we should research about the local language and read about their culture a bit.
  If possible pick some day to day word to communicate with people. It will make them
  comfortable and make us friendly in front of them. If possible book a home stay
  rather than hotels or villas. It will give through perspective of their culture.Then
  come to food, visiting to the local restaurant where local cuisine is being served
  rather than regular restaurant. If you want to travel the local places faster and
  easier  then booking private vehicle is an option but if you want to know and live
  the places, going by public transportation will be helpful. Ask routes and roads
  guide from local people rather sticking up to guide map or google map,otherwise
  you will miss some hidden spot around the town. Go to places where your interest
  lies and make conversation with like minded people. Instead of booking bigwig travel
  agency go for local travel guides, it will help you make connection with locals
  in a better way. Do not be shy asking people questions about places and their culture.
  It will broaden your mind and will give you wide exposure of the places. If you
  are a photographer ask for a photo with smile and do not click pictures by sneaking
  around. If you want to write about a place or photographing a place, do not rush
  to travel all the places in a day or two. If you will slow down your pace locals
  will be more welcoming.
