Title: Puzzle Pieces
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/puzzle-pieces
SetInCountry: Costa Rica
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Kari  O'Brien
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: For those of us who travel, we hope to ease around a country and its languages,
  we try to fit in. But there may be a time when our language studies fail us or the
  local accent is too thick. In these moments, we may fall back on usual comforts,
  finding a chain restaurant or staying in to watch Netflix. I do encourage any traveller
  to be flexible with their rules; in fact, I chose to dedicate an entire trip to
  this. What if I don't fit in? As the old adage goes, "When in Rome, do as the Romans
  do." In the age of smartphones, prep is less crucial. I walked out of the airport
  and the air thickened instantly. Even though this was my first time in Costa Rica
  the smell of the air was familiar; like the aroma of Cambodia. Both countries demonstrate
  the possibility of air as a solid. The kind of air that gives us a glimpse of what
  heat might smell like, you can feel the air within the spaces of your nostrils.
  Thick hot air infiltrated everywhere, the quilt of heat hung off my skin. This is
  when I embraced what I will call the 'Travel Princess' way; the personal taxi. Maybe
  it was his calm attitude. Maybe it was his bright pink golf shirt. Either way, I
  had found our man. Arriving at our destination, I was met with smiles and wide eyes.
  The host and I didn't share a single word in either language. Pointing to my itinerary
  while gesturing barely worked. I instantly felt guilty for not studying key phrases.
  Why did I do this to myself? I felt disrespectful. It's no surprise miscommunication
  happens across languages and cultures; but, what I noticed, only two days in, is
  people were willing to connect. Regardless of my ignorance, I was met with attention
  and curiosity. By not fitting in I was creating a point of focus. As long as I was
  willing to learn, they were willing to listen. Do I need to fit in? For me, the
  most crucial part about fitting in is about respect. Each moment we have a choice.
  I can choose to learn a language or I can force others to speak English. As long
  as you move through the world with a keenness to listen, a willingness to learn
  and a kind heart, the world will be there to respond. Leave your Google translate
  at home, get lost in a new place and ask someone where to go. You may find yourself
  in a place that feels familiar, no matter how far away from home you may be. I came
  to disconnect from the world, the last thing I expected was to connect even deeper.
  Even if you don't try to fit in, with the right attitude, this world has a place
  for you.
