Title: Questing for the idyllic under martial law
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/questing-for-the-idyllic-under-martial-law
SetInCountry: Philippines
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Courtney Turner
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: I desperately searched my tasseled back-pack, tipping possessions to the rain
  glittered floor. I'd found a pair of working headphones but I was as dimwitted as
  I'd claimed not to be just seconds before. As someone still perfecting not packing
  two outfits a day I didn't exactly pack light. The border official, drenched in
  tan like a safari tour guide passed my companion a key. 'Go retrieve your passport
  but I cannot hold security'. Silently, Alan and our saviour pointed at surrounding
  vehicles then ran in to the monsoon. I wobbled, attempting to shield our possessions,
  pondering the irony of my first 5 moments here. Disembarking the plane I was handed
  an umbrella the colour of tangerine pulp. Lacking the courage to explain my freckled
  skin required sun, I accepted with a smile to match hers. 'Mabuhay!' Mae was the
  gardener and greeted residents. Arriving at the resort she sorted beads on a patterned
  table as she presented us a marbled lotus flower and a gift of her handiwork, reflecting
  a local community project. Refusing payment she just asked that I would tell the
  world about Camiguin. Further in her debt, her expertise was to shape our itinerary.
  Similarly, jogging and hands shielding his eyes from rain, payment for the officers'
  generosity was refused. Following countless thank yous I thought of yesterday's
  journey time but remembered Alan had never driven a motorcycle. I gasped at the
  5 minute warning - an only alternative would be a ferry to an area forbidden by
  our government. I realised my mistake. Unable to leave the resort due to a basketball
  injury I ordered a meal to my door, emptied my bag for cash and leaned on Mae's
  umbrella to answer. Following a battle between an eternal journey and a rapid hourglass
  clock, I was reassured this was the seeking place as we outrageously thanked the
  security officer. He replied 'you are my cousin's friend, we help each other.' Briefly
  misunderstanding he explained Mae treasured us for visiting her cherished places
  and playing basketball with orphans. Yesterday a toddler reached her hand to mine
  as her parents looked with pride. As the sun released its light, I removed a daisy
  pin from my tangled hair to place in hers. This man knew the whole story - via Mae.
  Just like our first encounter, Mae ensured I had what I needed when I didn't realise
  it. And yet, I couldn't connect to her online or meet for a coffee. I just had to
  sleep soundly that there was someone providing magic in the world and know I had
  accountability to pass it on.
