Title: Rainy Looks
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/rainy-looks
SetInCountry: Madagascar
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sixtine Flavigny
AuthorCountry: France
Text: We lived these three sleepy hours with as much excitement as tireness, the wooden
  boat used by time had a lot of stories to tell, as well as the brown river that
  we were crossing. The road to the fisherman's village was long once we got our feet
  back on the earth, the rustic car, we fourteen children got into, kept bumping around,
  forbidding us to sleep and deliciously locking us into the watch of the wild landscapes
  of this forgotten land. There was no road, no car, only calm cows, sometimes a lemur
  on a tree. I was listening to my teenage music, wich was all my world back then,
  when I saw these crazy yellow-green leaves, and massiv trees as if, never a human
  being went there and the only queen here were Nature. And it was actually true.
  The few human being we saw there were overwhelmed by elements. My curious eyes went
  everywhere from one tree to another, sometimes falling on the continious river that
  was following us, quiet mother keeping an eye on her beloved children. When we got
  into the village, we were still looking for it, wondering who and why here, when
  we eared voices. Voices of babies crying only, and not a noise of a mother walking
  through the house, neither a voice of an older brother who is worried. We walked
  until we see someone, when a man appeared from further up and a sigh of joy was
  felt when we understood that the village was further. The man was thin, wearing
  rags, blue ones that were contrasting with his intense black skin, we walked a little
  bit and saw a few roofs. I was behind the group when I saw this picture. The picture
  of him, standing on the porsh of what looked like his home, holding his wife from
  the shoulder, and their children in front of them. Glances of the children showed
  nothing but their wondering, and all of a sudden, the beautiful sun we were used
  to see everyday, was replace by a cloudy mass, and the rain started to fall. The
  dry muddy soil turned into slush, our feet flooded, we made a moove, girls was afraid
  for their hair, while fishermen's were standing still. I couldn't moove a finger;
  as the rain was falling, I was drawning into their deep dark eyes, wondering why
  was I there. However, they knew, and they were looking at us, strange people who
  wanted to visit their way of lives and instead were fearing for our hair, and clothes.
  They had honnesty in their way of seeing, one that proved they were proud of what
  they had so they didn't have any reason to lie. That true look echoed in me with
  a shy guilty one.
