Title: Rains of Bagan
DateModified: '2018-02-04'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/rains-of-bagan
SetInCountry: France
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Emmanuel Charbit
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'Bagan, Myanmar June 17 2013.


  After six hours of bus, some plane and a lot of waiting we are finally here! In
  Bagan!

  Two years of waiting exactly. My best friend came here in 2011 and when he sent
  me his pictures, I couldn''t believe they were real.

  An unlimited number of astonishing temples and Stupas, huge, small, red or white.
  A wonder! I dreamed about it till this day.


  We are getting out of the bus and a bunch of kids laughing and giggling welcome
  us to the hotel. It''s nice, there is a beautiful pool, a flourish garden... I could
  have stayed there to chill and relax.

  But I could not... I was way too much excited to stay in a hotel by a pool. Once
  set, I took my music and left the place.

  Destination Unknown!

  After a few steps on that dark red ground i was already alone surrounded by stupas.
  I could see them beyond the horizon like in the pictures... and it got me crazy!
  I was running, dancing, singing out and the locals I met were laughing seeing me
  like this.


  Going my way, I ended up in an empty but fancy open-air restaurant facing a long
  shining river.

  I enjoyed the view for a bit, not noticing that a huge loaded cloud was going my
  way... and saw a golden temple along the silver river.


  As I exited the restaurant to go there, an employee advised me to stay a moment
  because it was going to rain, but I smiled and left anyway.


  Five minutes later it started raining. But when i say raining, I mean a rain so
  powerful, that after ten seconds I was as soaked as if I had fallen into a pool...
  I run to protect myself, found a big tree... with no branch, so not that useful...
  but still better that being in the open... Three kids had the same idea and we were
  all laughing at the situation together when a shadow appeared in the rain!

  It was a man with a large umbrella. He waved me, told me to follow him and insisted
  so I did. He protected me with his umbrella to his home. It was a six square meter
  bamboo house. Half of it for his bed with his wife and baby boy. They were smiling
  at me. We didn''t speak the same language, but we managed to communicate. He proposed
  me food and dry clothes. I took pictures of his family to show him. It was a warm
  and powerful moment.

  When the rain stopped, I offered him money, but he declined. He saw a man needing
  help and helped him, simple as that. He didn''t want money for it. We shook hands
  instead.

  Living this, I already found the peace i was looking for, but I still came to this
  temple to meditate and thanked life for the gift!'
