Title: Reconnecting with myself
DateModified: '2018-01-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/reconnecting-with-myself
SetInCountry: Mexico
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Mildred Moreno
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: In the summer of 2016 I had a rough and painful patch with my ex husband. Multiple
  in-imaginary situations happened for us, it seemed like the universe wanted us separated
  which was very painful for me since he was my high school sweet heart and love of
  my life. I traveled to Mexico the state of Guerrero to be exact and I was at other
  places as well in the two months I was there. It took me 10 years to go back to
  my home town, since I wasn't a resident of the united states yet, so I couldn't
  get out the country. Most of what I remember from mexico was poverty, and to be
  completely honest undesirable people to have around, since all they do at this particular
  town is focus on the materials instead of important aspects of life in my opinion.
  I had a lot of time to think and also a lot of time to fuck up. I didn't want this
  love to end even though deep down I knew he wasn't good for me nor loved me the
  way I loved him. If I only listed all the horrible things he would do to me and
  how he would hurt me, but he was the only person I wanted to be with for the rest
  of my life. This trip opened my eyes to so many beautiful things. I feel like it
  awakened who I am supposed to be. Just imagine seen Mexico city one of the biggest
  most populated cities in the world converted into a mixture of cultures and types
  of people. It seemed to me like everyone is living on their on time in history but
  yet we are in the 21st century. This is the time where we all can access all the
  information in the world and use to better our lives, but yet no one cares about
  people and specially the planet. We literally have all the answers to at least the
  planets problems in our hands and policy makers aren't there for the people. Their
  actions don't show their promises. I feel like so many emotions when it comes to
  humanity and the planet I just want to make a change.  There's so many alternatives
  for love, materials, even corporations and cultures. I saw so many situations, that
  I could write an entire book. Just pictures this, going to a neighborhood of mansions,
  you see security everywhere and no trash whatsoever.  Then a block later all you
  see its cartoon homes almost falling apart, people living on piles of trash and
  starving kids begging for food or money, all in a 2 mile radius. This is Mexico,
  My mexico and it open to my eyes to so many important things and goals I have for
  myself.
