Title: Retracing my spirit in the Hills
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/retracing-my-spirit-in-the-hills-5
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Carolina  Gutierrez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Have you ever been to a place that makes you feel as your veins are the rivers
  your breath the wind, and the leaves a reflection of your eyes? When I stretched
  my legs from the bus arriving in Ollantaytambo a small intricate town with winding
  narrow ancient roadways i inhaled the humidity from the foliage of the surrounding
  fields. From Miami a bustling city to an Inca archaeological ruin site it was abrupt.
  The view of the vale sagrado dos Incas from my hostel was enchanting there was a
  sense of feeling close to nature. As if you could reach out the window and feel
  the stone and sense the energy of hands from hundreds of years passed. Stone seemed
  a prevalent factor in everyday life in Ollantaytambo.  There were walls of stone
  lining the narrow streets still immersed as if the energy was instilling the life
  of the town. The first day was an explosion of flavor. Walking seeing babies in
  textiles wrapped around the bodies of their mothers with illuminating dark brown
  eyes. The colors fuchsia, turquoise, canary yellow from the hand-woven textiles
  hanging from the walls of eager artisans. I fell in love with the simplicity and
  vibrancy of nature. The cantuta flower vibrant in the hills singing the many songs
  of the Incas. We walked into a small restaurant designed with wooden tables warm
  and compelling. The menu included quinoa soup. The kitchen was connected to the
  dining area the chefs cooking it felt like home. No separation just the smell connecting
  me with the land. The quinoa melted in your mouth the broth fresh and soothing.
  Every element felt familiar. As if my ancestors were joining with my spirit. My
  body was cleansed with food which embodied a connection with the hills and the fruit
  embodying the land. The next day i woke up with the sound of crickets that had enriched
  my dreams.. As I observed my steps I felt energetic as we reached the end there
  was a continuous walkway small narrow path towards a hill. The narrow dirt path
  was calling me. I decided to continue it started to rain and my legs were tiring
  but this sudden pull to keep going and the view of the town were alluring. As i
  stood to see the view i realized the Incas must have known the value of land and
  its attributes. Ollantaytambo had become a refuge for my your mind and spirit to
  feel at ease. Finding a place where my subconscious could retrace its steps.
