Title: Revelation
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/revelation
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Tyler Slawson
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'The waitress'' name was Meryl. I remember it well. We sat in a very quiet restaurant,
  as the Maine sunshine poured in. It was hard to describe. The sunlight was airy,
  almost like ten o''clock sunlight looks like in Durant, Oklahoma. Except it was
  like that all day. The clock seemed to tick by as we chatted. The restaurant was
  unhurried and cheery. It was my first time in Maine, and the primary goal of the
  Maine portion of the trip was about to make its'' way to my table.


  When I first met Amber Smith, I began hearing about her famous, fast and furious
  road trips across America. They were almost stranger than fiction. But here we sat.
  Amber was from Maine, and the three others at the table with us were her relatives:
  her mother, her cousin, and her grandmother. Amber wanted her cousin, Ashley, to
  experience life outside of Augusta, and convinced her to move to Denison. The story
  clinches on the fact that Amber was attending an expedited Paramedic course, and
  she was currently on one of her rare five day breaks. Welcome to our crazy five-day
  moving adventure to Maine and back.


  My lobster came out steaming in a pan. I couldn''t wait to dig in. The problem was,
  I had not ever cracked a lobster before. As Amber quietly laughed at me, I observed
  its'' red shell, turning the lobster crackers in my hand. "Here," her grandmother
  said. She took the crackers'' and began to demonstrate. We started with the tail.
  We reared it back, and it broke off. Next, the claws. And when I felt like we had
  taken all we could, she went for the legs, allowing me to try my hand at the different
  body parts along the way. She broke one of the spindly arms off, and put it in her
  mouth, pressing her teeth together, and sliding the arm out, forcing the meat within
  to press outward. It was a small amount of lobster, but she got it out.


  It was in this moment that I had a revelation. This woman was a survivor of the
  Great Depression, and beyond just food, she had learned to get every bit out of
  the lobster as a means of survival. Since my imagination of the Great Depression
  was in Oklahoma with the Dust Bowl, it seems strange to think that a food that is
  still considered a luxury would have been a means of survival to this woman and
  her family. It was a paradigm shift for me. It''s true that I learned to crack my
  first lobster in Maine by a native, but it''s also true that it brought to me a
  truth that has made me reconsider everything else about the local connections that
  I make while traveling.'
