Title: Rich in Spirit
DateModified: '2018-01-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/rich-in-spirit
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Grace Minton
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'In my job, I have been fortunate enough to travel all of the world. I have
  called places like Italy, The Bahamas, Mexico, and Poland for weeks at a time. I
  work as a Travel Director managing onsite logistics and operations for various Fortune
  500 companies. For awhile, I was soaking in all of the glamour of my job. The Four
  Seasons hotel became a regular stop, and I found myself disappointed if I was flying
  anything other than First Class. I became one of the worst versions of myself-a
  jaded person who was epitomized "selfishness." I like to think that a lot of that
  changed when I was scheduled to go to Cambodia for a month.


  Before going to Cambodia, I am not exactly sure what kinds of preconceived notions
  I had about Asians or life in Asia. I think I believed some cliches and made generalizations
  about a continent that is massive (and, by association, wildly diverse). I thought
  most of Asia would be like South Korea or Japan; I''m talking high-tech cities with
  lots of people who are well-educated and thriving (in a conventional sense of the
  word). When we landed in Cambodia, I didn''t really know what to think. The more
  time I spent there, though, the more I noticed something really beautiful about
  the people. Cambodians make up a nation of individuals. They all have strengths,
  weaknesses, and personalities that define them. And, although the people differ
  greatly throughout the nation, they are all held together by a common thread of
  beauty. Some are physically gorgeous, but that isn''t what I''m talking about. Rather,
  I mean to say that Cambodians are blessed with real joy and strength in their spirits.
  I met tons of people there (from all classes and backgrounds), and they all saw
  me as worthwhile. They saw value in little things, were quick to find the good in
  others, and were never petty. I never heard any gossip or even an ounce of ego come
  from a Cambodian. They were genuine and lovely. When we had the opportunity to visit
  a village where the poorest of the poor dwelled, I was humbled and shocked to see
  how people lived. They didn''t seem envious of Westerners; they had greater wealth
  than I could have imagined. They had love, connection, and class. I left Cambodia
  with a new approach to life. It might sound cheesy or cliche, but I was finally
  starting to realize that some of the richest people are not those with big houses,
  luxury jets, and glamorous vacations. Instead, they are the ones with open hearts,
  generous spirits, and real joy in their lives.'
