Title: 'Romance in Cozumel '
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/romance-in-cozumel
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Chelsea Stalcup
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Pale yellowish miniscule grains of sand spotlighted by a cloudless sky. Crystal
  clear water with waves of white sea foam blemishing the sparkling surface. Palm
  trees casting shade on lounge chairs plagued with sunburned tourists with American
  Midwestern accents, "What's queso? I'm from Wisconsin we call that yellow stuff
  cheeseee." I had been to Mexico before, but this visit was special in more ways
  than one. My father and I decided to do an excursion in Cozumel, "massages on the
  beach" little did I know that I'd get much more than what $20 can buy in America.
  I had never had a massage before, a real massage anyway. We rode a bus with other
  tourists and wandered the beach, lost travelers in a strange Indiana Jones plot.
  After saying "no gracias" to what had to be a thousand table vendors, we found our
  oasis. A random placement of two massage tables and two massage specialists. My
  dad was gifted the hands of a young hot man named "Carlos". The spitting image of
  a cabana boy that only knows the words "yes princess" and "more Pina Colada miss?"
  And well I got a woman whose hands had been scarred from years of making tortillas.
  She was rough and unforgiving. She dug into my muscles like an Orca into a young
  seal. Did I owe her money, did I wrong her in some way? Or was this a cartel thing
  like the cruise directors warned us about? Whatever it was, it lasted an entire
  hour. The physical pain wasn't the worst part of it all. No one warned me that it
  was a true "full body massage", she went from massaging my love handle area to groping
  me faster than a New York pick-pocket stealing a wallet. My butt cheeks ached for
  days, I had troubles sitting for the rest of the cruise. After a mentally scaring
  hour, the torture commenced. My skin was so red from the blood flow that I looked
  like a northerner on a Florida beach in August. I left beautiful Cozumel with new
  worldly experiences and happy memories, and story to tell everyone back of my Cozumel
  Lover.
