Title: Rome, where everything ends and everything starts
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/rome-where-everything-ends-and-everything-starts
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: "Sandra L\xF3pez Gonz\xE1lez"
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: That year i was decided to travel alone. I was in a bad relationship and i needed
  to reconect with myself in a far place. I always wanted to visit Italy, and i found
  a cheap flight on Internet. I did not tell anyone who would make that trip. I arrived
  Rome, with a mixture of fear and sadness because of my situation, but decided to
  start my days alone in that city. Already in the hotel, i talked with the receptionist,
  who tell me about places that i had to go for food. The first one was 'Carlo Menta',
  in the 'Trastebere'. With some indications and very tired, i arrived to that place.
  When i get inside that area of the city, Trastebere, i looked the stones in the
  road, the old buildings with earth tones, the dark canopies and the abundant vegetation
  in the streets. The restaurant was in a corner, with a cozy terrace and dim light
  bulbs. I sat at one of the tables watching people go by. People were drinking, laughing
  and kissing. I remembered my relationship and how bad it was compared with them.
  An attractive waiter came to take my order and I ordered white wine, a bruschetta
  and spaguetti a la carbonara. Romanticism invades the tables. There was a couple
  sitting next to me. They were Germans and they did not stop flirting, smiling and
  touching. I felt a healthy envy towards them. Wine came, and I drank it quickly
  because it was very hot. I began to notice that my cheeks were blushing and the
  waiter returned with the first course. The Italians have straight and square features,
  with a sloppy beard, dark skin, not too tall but athletic. The bread with the arugula,
  the oil and the tomato was exquisite. I had never tasted such crunchy bread. I kept
  looking at the German couple and the sun toasted them. Surely they had been on the
  beach for days. How contagious the feeling of romance in this country can be. They
  say that Paris is the city of love, but now I realize that Rome is. Dozens of couples
  from all over the world stroll through the streets, under the stars and the dim
  lights, walking on very old stones and drunk with the smell of pasta, wine and flowers.
  The second course has arrived. The pasta is at its point, neither too hard nor too
  soft, and the intense flavors of the sauce awaken my appetite again. Another glass
  of wine and I still admire the couple and the waiter. Suddenly, I realize that life
  is beautiful, enjoying a good meal, a good wine and the beauty of the world, without
  worries,but very sure that my life was going to change from that trip.
