Title: Ruff - The BEST connection EVER!
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/ruff-the-best-connection-ever
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Priyankka Singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: When you go looking for yourself & hunting for solutions, you least expect to
  find them in the form of a DOG! I was going through a low phase personally back
  in the year 2016. I was at cross-roads & despite knowing that I wanted to marry
  him I just wasn't sure. So we decided to take a trip to Uttarkashi (Uttarakhand,
  India). We searched online & found this really amazing hamlet, Kuflon, which had
  a private bungalow (Kuflon Basics) about 5000 ft above sea level. The Asi Ganga
  (80 tributaries that make up the river Ganga) flowed right below it. After 24 hours
  of travelling by every mode of transport we finally reached our destination. We
  had gone just before the rainy season began & hence the weather was damp enough
  for the open skies to be decked with fireflies. The road leading up to the residence
  was too narrow & could be maneuvered only by an experienced driver. So the host
  came all the way till where we were stranded & took us in his Jeep. On entering
  the property gate we were greeted by the best thing ever! He not only welcomed us
  with love & affection, but he also took away all my tiredness. His one big bear
  hug did the trick! Ruff, the gigantic mountain dog with the most amazing soft and
  loving demeanor followed us everywhere we went. Ruff's interaction with us helped
  me realise so much about him (my husband now) & us as a couple. The place is surrounded
  by mountains & trees & the approach of the rains made the weather even better. The
  clouds drifted past us & the mist rolled in through our windows every morning. Waking
  up to the sound of the Asi Ganga crashing against the rocks of the river bed, sharing
  various experiences & stories with our host (Anil) made the trip one of the most
  memorable ones I have had in a long time. Because of the rains, leeches were present
  dime a dozen but it did not dampen our spirits to go trekking. Trekking with Ruff
  by our side, amidst the clouds that had descended down on the mountains was one
  of the most brilliant experiences one can have. The milky way felt as if it was
  in our reach! The skies were so clear & the amount of oxygen one could breathe was
  bliss. Ruff helped me get answers when I least expected & hence on the last day
  of our trip it was difficult to say bye to him. I think he felt the same as he sat
  in a corner & hardly looked at us. The trip resulted in us marking the start of
  a wonderful journey in the years to come & I have none other than Ruff, our super
  local connection in Uttarkashi to thank!
