Title: Run For Your Life
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/run-for-your-life
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Charlotte Frost
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'The bitter February wind stripped my face like a sandblaster, as I walked down
  the bustling promenade - the dazzling turquoise sky and streaming sunlight created
  a strange disjointed feeling in me, when juxtaposed with the cruel, unforgiving
  sub-zero temperature.


  Stopping to take a breath just as the wind died, the pleasing sounds of gulls, chatter,
  and the quiet rumble of the waves immersed me. I had just arrived in Brighton, in
  order to run the Brighton Half Marathon, and I was on my way to my first ever hostel
  experience. Now, I had very mixed emotions about this, as I was travelling alone
  - no one to cheer me on - and I had misgivings. However, blinking the sun out of
  my face, I thought "what could go wrong?"


  Turns out: a lot. The room I was destined to sleep in, a cramped fifteen-bunk-er,
  smelled of week-old sweat and salt and cigarette smoke. After placing my bags in
  the locker, I made for the bathroom, but a shifty-looking middle-aged gentleman
  with long, messy silver hair glared at me. Not saying a word. I went to the bathroom
  down the hall.


  No matter, I thought. I took myself off shopping. The bright lights of Brighton
  beckoned, and I allowed myself an afternoon of indulgent, decadent mostly-window-shopping.
  However, as the evening went on... 6pm... 7pm... the sky darkened and the people
  around me became rowdier. Saturday night was beginning. Shopping bags in tow, I
  powered through the wind back to the hostel.


  Nothing could have prepared me for what I returned to find. The angry red and electric
  blue of police car lights beaconed out their warning as I approached, and when I
  went inside it became clear that a full-on police investigation was ongoing. From
  what I could tell, a drunken fight had only just been broken up, with broken bottles
  littering the communal room, and the smell of sweat and alcohol rank in the air.
  The man with the long silver hair blinked at me silently, ominously, from a corner.


  I went into panic mode, but luckily a friendly receptionist took pity on me, and
  allowed me to move rooms. She motioned me to step outside with her: "Listen," she
  murmured in a thick Italian accent, through a rich cloud of smoke and steam, "we
  keep this between me and you, eh?" I thanked her and thanked her, and took the key
  to the twin room that she offered me.


  So when my alarm went off at 6am the next morning, I felt almost refreshed! The
  half marathon was wind-tortured, but with Mr Blue Sky on my side, I made it safely
  to the finish line.'
