Title: Saved in the Mountains by the Quechua
DateModified: '2018-02-06'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/saved-in-the-mountains-by-the-quechua
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Andrew Lee
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'My friend and I emerged from our tent at 4,600 m elevation in the Peruvian
  highlands, tired and sore. Barely dawn, it was still dark and freezing cold outside,
  but we needed the head start. Change clothes, breakfast, pack up camp.


  Time to hike. It seemed like every day we were barely struggling to reach camp,
  and every morning we got up more sore than the last. A sort of urgency was setting
  in. It was only day 5 of our 9-day trek. At the same time a deep focus was also
  setting in, determined to finish this hike - and survive - by all means.


  Fortunately day 5 was smooth out of the gate. It helps that it started with a downhill
  push. By late morning we found our legs and were hiking unusually fast. I was finally
  even enjoying the breathtaking scenery around me - lush mountains, a few ice caps
  lording over twisting valleys.


  Suddenly, we saw someone in the distance, the last place we ever expected to encounter
  another human. As she approached us we realized it was a local Quechua, a petite
  woman in local attire - a fitted blouse, flowery dress and little ballroom shoes.
  Her casual outfit paled in comparison to our hiking gear. We spoke for a short while
  - both her and my friend are fluent in Spanish. I was learning and managed to get
  in a few words.


  She invited us to her home, to house us and cook us dinner. After a bit of discussion
  regarding our trek itinerary, we gratefully accepted her offer.


  We hiked on to eventually reach her humble adobe home in this stunning isolated
  valley, which she shares with her husband and two children. I played with the more
  curious boy. He tried teaching me some words in his native Quechua for one through
  five, which I still remember to this day.


  Through my friend as translator, I learned that they herd sheep, pigs and llamas.
  They trade these for the few supplies they need from the outside world, which arrive
  by donkey or horse, such as grains, vegetables and firewood for cooking, since there
  are few trees at this elevation.


  They cooked us an amazing pasta soup followed by a rice and pork dish. We ate gratefully,
  huddled in their tiny kitchen, half exposed to the cold night because one wall was
  just made of stacked firewood. The soup warmed our hearts and invigorated our spirit.


  We moved on the next morning, but unfortunately had to quit on day 6 of 9. It was
  another grueling day in which we got a bit lost and also heavily rained on, sapping
  our will. We arrived late in a village and took a bus out the next morning.'
