Title: Saved by The Almighty
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/saved-by-the-almighty
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Shashank Singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Actually I was trekking along the mountain tops and cliffs of Nainital along
  with some friends. On the top of the cliff parallel to the mountain I was standing,
  there was a temple of Lord Shiva. I was just immersing myself in the beautiful scenery
  that lay beneath the mountains and after taking in the surreal beauty of nature,
  I looked towards the temple and prayed with all my spiritual energy. After ending
  the prayer I started to step down from the cliff. But due to rain the rocks were
  very slippery and I accidentally slipped of one of the rocks and due to the declined
  slope of the cliff....I lost my balance and started to quickly place my feet on
  the rocks but my speed had gone out of control and I couldn't control the acceleration
  and fell from the cliff which was 4 feet above the ground. The most exciting part
  of the story comes now as when I fell I landed of the muddy part of the surface
  which saved me from a lot of injuries. If I would have landed just slightly more
  to my left or right then I could have been plagued by serious injuries as there
  were a lot of rocks on either side of that space. Then after the pain had subsided,
  I recalled the moment when I was praying to God about my and my parents well being.Immediately
  it struck me that the very moment of prayer was my saviour as some divine force
  had intercepted an accident that could have left me seriously injured or could have
  led to multiple fractures in my body. Also in that area there was no hospital nearby,so
  it  could have resulted in total misery for me. But thankfully due to the grace
  of divine, I escaped a horrific accident. This event had strengthened my faith in
  God and his divine powers. I feel that if a person is clean at heart and nd wishes
  for well being of his fsmily, then God will definitely help him.
