Title: Shell Construction:- Way back in ages
DateModified: '2018-02-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/shell-construction-way-back-in-ages
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Adithya Pandravada
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Being born in the construction age of ceilings and walls with the best finishes
  and experiencing one of the finest luxuries that parents can afford with the hostile
  being grown with is something that has been really  being by the 20th generation
  kids.


  Travelling in a Car for thousands of kilometres is a no less thing for me, So when
  my uncle and myself have decided to visit the village where he had spent with his
  Cousins during his summer holidays.

  It is a village named Bondleddulapalem which is about 20kms far from Rajahmundry
  in Andhra Pradesh.

  The best part of uncle is that he happened to choose the village finest enjoyment
  over Mumbai visit when he was given a choice during his childhood summer holiday
  trip.


  This is a Authentic Village and I have enjoyed thoroughly as it remained the same
  from the generations as it has only a single staired house with ceiling and the
  rest are the houses constructed with shells till today.

  The climate was so humid as it belongs to costal region of the state and the slang
  of people and the kind of love that they takeover or receive is something impossible
  to feel/experience in this kind of cities in which we are being grown. The rooms
  are equally bigger with the spread of family over 10 Children for a parent is very
  common for ancestors in India. Hitting the strokes of sun with the sultry climate
  in the shell house gathering for a meet over the neighborhood and the people joining
  the conversation in the middle of talks is really appreciated as the connection
  with the local is being accepted and only then the travel to such kind of places
  can be accomplished.


  The Cows which will be fed by the Farmers returns the milk in order to create a
  livelihood for the family where in return the count of families are being moved
  to the cities for which the Milk is not being sold and the cows are just being fed
  with the level of affection growing since ages in between a man and the animal is
  really satisfactory to see over anything.


  Visiting to this  kind of place and get my to know the challanges faced by the livelihood
  of Families stagnated since ages are not able to move to the development or happy
  with the kind of livelihood.

  Rice being cultivated and being supplied is one of the major occupation which incurs
  a lot of labour for which recalling my type of births and town development with
  the varied kind of livelihood being expereinced is been one of my favourite trip
  made to the other side of country.'
