Title: Shitstorms in Spain
DateModified: '2018-03-02'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/shitstorms-in-spain
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Kim Miller
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Buen Dias. Bueno bueno.

  I haven''t left the property for 11 days now. I keep telling myself I''ll comb my
  hair and go to town for some groceries. I have a car with a full tank of gas and
  I''m in Spain. But at this point, I have a few lemons, maybe I''ll just fast. I''m
  not going anywhere. It took me a few days to acclimate to my surroundings here and
  figure out how to sleep again after the 9 hour time change, kilometers, meters,
  euros, celsius y toda en espanol. I shoveled so much horse poo my arm pits ache
  and I just spent 45 minutes chasing a rooster. That little chicken is still running
  wild out there, apparently he thinks he is the one on holiday with no curfew. And
  then, wouldn''t you know, my body came down with the flu and in its weakened state
  the next day my back went out. And that night, I lost a duck, found on the side
  of the road squashed by a car. And then truly, the last thing I expected that very
  same night, to add insult to injury, we had a typhoon. The only way I know it was
  a typhoon is that the entire farm was turned upside down when I awoke. The mountains
  were actually on top of the house, or at least it felt that way. When I went out
  to assess the damage, my giant rubber boots actually got suctioned to the earth
  in shit. I have the flu, I am officially handicapped, I am grieving brown duck,
  I am in a foreign country where no matter how much I pretend to know Spanish I cannot
  actually understand one word anyone is saying, and now I am literally stuck to the
  earth in shit. I tried to wiggle left and right and back and forth as my lower back
  sent pangs of electric sensation up into my brain...no movement, no way out, the
  shit would not let me go. Time stood still for a moment as I noticed the torn down
  fence, the patio furniture scattered in the field and all the animals staring at
  me- what to do? And so, my only option, I started laughing hysterically. I laughed
  so loudly it reverberated off the mountains and distributed itself among the disheveled
  land. And the horses and ducks and even that rooster started laughing with me. It
  was as if we all took a deep breath together and remembered what was important.
  If I could have managed to free my boots enough to click my heels together, I would
  have closed my eyes and said ''there''s no place like home''. But realistically,
  I don''t have a home. I choose to float around the globe, traveling, exploring,
  trusting, and just seeing what comes next. I''m a world nomad......                    to
  be continued'
