Title: Significant Others
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/significant-others
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sarah Robinson
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: 'Newly separated, having just shifted cities and in the middle of a Post graduate
  Diploma, I had a brain fart and decided that going trekking in the Himalayas was
  a great idea.  Eight weeks later with a new found friend, a crash course on Nepalese
  culture, and having read many mountaineering disaster stories, I found myself on
  the Khumbu Trail to Mt Everest.  We had stopped in Monjo, just inside the entrance
  to Sargamatha National Park.  I was struggling with the initial stages of strepp
  throat, a stinking cold and the altitude was not helping at all.  I was feeling
  pretty sorry for myself when we knocked on the door of the Monjo Lodge.


  I was chatting as best I could with the lovely Sherpa women who ran the lodge. My
  accent is quite broad and she kept making me repeat things, so she could laugh at
  the funny way I said them.  We where talking about the mountains. She asked if there
  where mountains where I come from.  I was showing her photos of the volcano at the
  end of my lake during an eruption when her husband interrupted us.  He held out
  his hand - the universal gesture for "I want cash".  She handed him  a couple of
  rupees and he walked off with uttering a word.  She looked a me, rolled her eyes
  and gestured a sign of raising a glass to her lips.  I cracked up and said "they
  do the same thing at home!"  She laughed with me.


  An hour later, he walked back in.  We were still chatting.  Her face assumed that
  squinty eyed grumpy look that you give your other half when they have left you with
  the dishes again to go socialising.  I said "at least yours came back in an hour.  Mine
  used to come back eight hours later unable to walk!"  She laughed at that!'
