Title: Silently Whaling
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/silently-whaling
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Amanda Hall
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: This Marina Del Rey morning coffee is strong. Loading up the 40ft power boat,
  my partner and I prepare for our weekend in Catalina Is.,CA. Just us and the Rottweilers
  basking in the breeze as we set off for peace from the city. Bob Marley plays, he
  checks our location then speeds ahead. About half way to Catalina is a deep trench.
  As I spot what he's pointing at, I recognize the spouts. He pulls up slowly and
  to our disbelief, it is what we have always dreamed of, Blue Whales with a little
  baby in there! He parks us with respectful distance for their feeding. One after
  another, they breech the surface with incredible grace, mouths spread open enough
  to swallow our boat whole. The water falls away from their majestic bodies with
  almost slow motion rhythmic notes until they splash delicately sinking down. He
  grabs fins, a mask and dives in! He comes back up breathless, jumps into the dingy,
  lets go! We ride in a little closer. He stammers with pure joy. My mask on, heart
  beating in my throat. I've never done this, never even swam this deep of water before!
  He stops, looks at me serious 'if you see fish swimming to the surface, tell me
  immediately which way they are going'. I jump in, it's dark, cold, the sun beams
  brightly in some areas, black in most. Then I see her. She's swimming down in a
  shadow but I see ALL of her timeless body. I jump back into the dingy laughing wildly
  as another comes up. I look down watching fish swim and jump all around us 'Oh look!
  all the fish!' I squeal joyful, totally forgetting his words just minutes before.
  'WHICH WAY ARE THEY GOING' he screams at me in panic. Confused at the change of
  tone he now has I panic looking left, right they are all around us jumping 'I don't
  know, that way I think!' pointing to my left. He pulls the engine cord, it doesn't
  start, again, nothing. 'COME ON START YOU F-ER!' on growls the motor. He pulls us
  away within seconds feet away, up comes the beautiful girl the loudest sound, her
  water splashing all over us. We look up like ants in awe at her and down again she
  comes sending us flailing. We head back to the boat in pure ecstasy, stand on the
  ramp and watch as they finish their meal. Mask in hand, I realize it's not water
  but tears on my face. A dream come true we just witnessed one of this planets most
  respected and captivating wonders in their peaceful and dangerous habitat. This
  moment made me stop living inside my comfortable list of wishes, I've captured dreams
  in my bare hands ever since.
