Title: 'Simply four coloured lights '
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/simply-four-coloured-lights
SetInCountry: France
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Natalie Cole
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: For my 21st birthday my boyfriend brought me to Paris for 4 nights in December,
  I had never been before and was in awe of the beautiful city. Despite the cold weather
  and the fog I could still admire the exquisite architecture. We spent everyday doing
  the typical touristy things a couple in Paris for the first time would do, we climbed
  the Eiffel Tower taking in its remarkable structure. We stopped by the arc de triumphe,
  walked along the champs de Elyse while silently crying to ourselves about the expensive
  shops we passed, and even took a day trip to Disneyland where we embraced our inner
  child, running from rollercoaster to rollercoaster and looking out for Mickey Mouse
  and Minnie along the way. Each evening was spent in a different restaurant trying
  new meals and as each of us wasn't a wine drinker before the trip, trying new wines.
  But as an art student my favourite day was involved visiting the louvre and the
  George Pompidou centre. The louvre was magnificent from the architecture the artwork
  and of course seeing the one and only Mona Lisa in person is something I'm glad
  I can finally say but while visiting the centre Pompidou, the more modern museum,
  I encountered something I was not expecting which left me in more awe than I can
  explain. If I'm being honest I've always preferred modern art to the more traditional,
  and while walking through the museum I was fascinated by all of the artwork but
  it was when we turned a corner and I saw a piece by artist Dan Flavin that I was
  so moved I was almost in tears. Dan Flavin who works with flourescent lights has
  always been my favourite artist and who inspires me most and I was not aware he
  would have a piece in this museum. I felt so small standing next to it and it took
  me few minutes to compose myself to get the picture I've always wanted of me with
  a Dan Flavin piece. I was so amazed by how beautiful it was in person, it was simply
  four coloured lights arranged in a square but having only seen his work in photos
  on the internet this was an amazing experience for me and my boyfriend was even
  amazed, he of course knew my love for this artist and couldn't believe it that we
  had actually stumbled upon his work.  We stood there admiring it for what could
  have been too long but also not long enough before we moved on with the rest of
  the museum. But still even now I feel moved just thinking about actually seeing
  this work in person and when I was least expecting it too. It's something I will
  never ever forget.
