Title: 'Smiles stairway '
DateModified: '2018-01-30'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/smiles-stairway
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Cristina Panov
AuthorCountry: Moldova
Text: 'I dreamed about Japan.


  I never felt like something so far could be so close into my future, yet this story
  showed me that everything is possible in this so called desperate world. As a child,
  I was listening to stories and imagining the warm pink cherry flowers caressing
  my skin, touching me with a different culture and it all looked like some kind of
  parallel universe, and I was only a short time guest.


  You will never truly know yourself and most of all your inner demons unless you
  are traveling and discovering new cultures, new people, new languages and especially
  new smiles. Yes, smiles. Smiles are the most important part of the travelling, because
  there are billions of smiles in this world, each one showing new emotions and how
  each nation are dealing with this said emotion.

  And so it is, a girl with only her dreams in her pocket after travelling some countries
  in Europe, won the greatest opportunity to spend almost 2 months in Japan. And I
  couldn''t take my eyes of it. My greatest love (Japan) staying live and well in
  front of me. The breeze of the ocean, the funny letters on the sky tall buildings,
  the sun rising and lingering on my face every morning, and let me tell you, it was
  a different sun...a full sun, I might add, even though it was the cold sun of January-February
  2016.

  I won a marketing course scholarship, and i had the greatest opportunity to first
  hand see the downs and falls of the great Japan. The people''s mentality and respect,
  the curious smiles when someone is telling a story, the bows to every clerk and
  waiter, the obsession for hygiene and calories, the love they bless every day of
  work and the pride they carry for each day that they made something possible. I''ve
  never seen more humble smiles yet so rich in depth.

  Staying for days in Osaka, Kobe, Tokyo, Kyoto, smelling the fresh air of the trees
  and leaves, lightning candles in Buddha temples, admiring Kimono wearings in the
  subway, eating crazy sepia ink jelly in a local fish market, enjoying the true wonders
  of a good sake and many shoe-less restaurants, and being utterly shocked that for
  Japanese people, the sweetest phrase " I love you" is humiliating, because love
  doesn''t need words but proof everyday through respect and care, the crowded streets
  yet full of polite pedestrians, the funny dressings with big clocks on some girls,
  and the delicious taste of a green tea kit-kat, has turned my life, and made me
  realize that we are all important, and world is only the beginning.'
