Title: Snoring and Inle Lake
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/snoring-and-inle-lake
SetInCountry: Myanmar
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Chee Wah Tham
AuthorCountry: Malaysia
Text: '"Do you snore?" He is American-Chinese and I am Malaysian-Chinese. There are
  certainly some cultural differences, at least I know we are not so direct when we
  deal with someone''s physical attributes. In Malaysia, we may just stay a night
  with the person and move out the next day. "How would I know? I sleep very well
  at night." I returned the crudeness.


  There was only one room left for two. We moved in nonchalantly. I can see that he
  was uncomfortable. But I was all ready to get the free bicycle offer from the hostel
  and start checking out some places in Inle Lake, Myanmar. I was not bothered with
  the room, anyway.


  Biking in the sultry heat was already suffocating. With the misty brown dust bellowing
  and blown into my face when a vehicle passed me was even hard to breathe. I stopped
  several time to cover my nose and mouth just to catch my breath. As I approached
  a quiet sanctuary in the inner fields of the green Inle Lake, I can''t help but
  to revere wholeheartedly in the serenity and the stillness of environment that appeared
  before me. Crossing underneath the concreate arch that read ''Meditation Centre'',
  there was an immense shift from the backbreaking journey getting here to the easiness
  of its surrounding. Everything seemed to have slowed down. Talking was reduced to
  a whisper. Walking was done unhurriedly. And nobody cared if anybody arrived. Not
  that there were a lot of people, but the handful of the meditators in the hall seemed
  to be in their own world. There was certainly no worries about someone plating a
  bomb there or leaving a baggage unguarded. Each one of them was mining their own
  business and the world mind theirs.


  And so it was true. When you mind your own business, somehow those who do not and
  those who are constantly in fear of being harmed, when they are in the surrounds
  of such tranquility, even the most frightened will relent to calm. Inle Lake''s
  peace reminded me that it is alright for my unwilling roommate to form an opinion
  of the people around him. But I met him along the way back to the hostel and we
  stopped to chat a little.  He showed me the direction to a vineyard and its fabulous
  winery on a hill. Thanks to him, I found the place where I enjoyed the most beautiful
  sunset on the highest point on Inle Lake.


  I guess in silence we understood each other better. When we parted ways, I was surprised
  to receive a text from him asking if he could share the room with me when he arrived
  in Bagan a day later. I said ''Yes."'
