Title: Soaking in Quebec&#39;s real charm
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/soaking-in-quebec-s-real-charm
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Iva Bozic
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'I''m finishing my weekend on a mini-golf playground, recklessly hitting the
  white ball out of the marked trails. The rain is drizzling lightly with a few rays
  doing their best to pass through the greyish clouds and all I can hear is my friend''s
  laughter at my awkwardness. I don''t mind it, though. This weekend is all I needed
  after one and before the other Quebec capital. Living in a house by the lake, an
  hour from Montreal, stepping out of the traveler''s wandering path, anchored in
  the real-folks life somehow.


  I did my part as a tourist yesterday, checking out the mundane getaways where even
  rich city folks climb a hill or two or at least take the funicular and chill in
  a restaurant. We took the climb, of course, my first hike of the season on a foggy
  Saturday, breathing heavily all the way through the misty forest of Mont Tremblant,
  yet proudly realising at the top I still got it. We appreciated the rewarding clearing
  of the view, shared cookies and nuts while chit-chatting the sweat and the fatigue
  away, stopped talking for a few minutes only to prove Europeans handle silence better
  than North-Americans generally do. We''d warm ourselves up again enjoying onion
  soup and beloved poutine in the valley''s timid sunrays afterwards.


  Yet, it was on that small lake I finally felt I was in Canada. Canoeing on the smooth
  water, watching the charming houses with their little piers, birds nesting on a
  tiny luscious island, rowing clumsily the rocky boat, feeling the cold drops landing
  on my skin. Montreal has nothing on Laurentides, on this easiness and afternoon
  walks, on waking up and taking your filter coffee on a sunny terrace, sharing peanut
  better and toast for breakfast, drinking local beers for lunch, watching videos
  of people talking in an incomprehensible accent, debating the differences with French,
  cooking dinner while sipping on local cider, but still going with chianti at the
  end. Because: ''''Don''t even get tempted to try Quebec''s wine! Hardly drinkable!''''


  In-between the meals, they take me to one-dollar shops for paper and coloured pencils,
  hunting stores for some sort of equipment I don''t know, and then huge supermarkets
  for food and the mandatory candy shop for some more sweet colours. All the while
  I''m half-admiring, half-judging those enormous pick-up trucks whose omnipresence
  on the road is so foreign to an European eye.


  On Monday, I''m taking the noon bus, but for today, despite losing the game, I''m
  glad I''m not going back to the city quite yet.'
