Title: Solo driving alongside the Westfjords of Iceland
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/solo-driving-alongside-the-westfjords-of-iceland
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Elena Focardi
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'I decided to visit the Westfjords region in Iceland last year, when I saw that
  the first date of the Rammstein tour would have been in Reykjavik. For work and
  budget reasons, I only had few days of holiday, between the 17th and 23rd of May
  (with the concert being the 20th). I booked only the first night in Reykjavik, so
  to leave me with a certain degree of freedom with my movements and choices, studying
  how I could have managed to do the nearly 1000km of road in the very restricted
  amount of time that I got. Renting a car was the best thing to do, so I got one
  for the next day i arrived. I was all excited for this adventure, that I hadn''t
  fully understood that that particular region in Iceland has only one main road,
  so either you do it clockwise or anti-clockwise. I thought of going clockwise with
  the first stop in Holmavik. It took quite a while to arrive, because I didn''t know
  the road and I had to stop twice for a break (probably one of few downsides of travelling
  alone). I found a hostel to spend the night and fist thing in the morning I was
  already on the road, to Isafjordur. This bit has been a continuous awe, alongside
  each fjord and I was so lucky to have a clear blue sky above me. However, I was
  already encountering some bits of gravel and steep road, with rocks on one side
  and the sea on the other. I reached Isafjordur around 1pm, a small break and then
  away again. Next stop was Patrekfjordur and the road was all gravel and very steep,
  going up and down the mountains that hug the coast. For how I was enjoying the view,
  the amazing landscape in front of me, I couldn''t help being a bit afraid because
  of the road: I was alone, the other cars speeding up close to me and a couple of
  time I felt the wheels of the car not having a good grip on the road. But I was
  determined of doing as much as I could. And in between Isafjordur and Patrekfjordur
  I stopped to spend a bit of time at the Dynjandi waterfall. More gravel road before
  Patrekfjordur, another stop, then, after this town I had to find a place where to
  sleep. But Patrkfjordur was the last bigger town for a while, so it took me quite
  a lot to find a place. The sunset was close and I made up my mind that if I wasn''t
  going to find anything after 10:30pm, I would have just slept in the car. However,
  after some more kilometres I found an hotel which gave me a room for the night.
  From there, the road was less and less gravel and reaching back Reykjavik (and the
  concert) had been much easier.'
