Title: 'Somethings worth sharing '
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/somethings-worth-sharing
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Kenzie Braun
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: Working towards my hopes and dreams is all I have put my time and energy into.
  When I think about my dreams it has everything to do with helping others. I am going
  to be an accountant and teach people who want to be taught how they can do their
  own, It's something we all have to do why not be able to do it without the cost
  and with the confidence needed to be one hundred percent self sustainable. A part
  from having the dream to one day be a mental health therapist professional what
  I really truly dream of becoming is a midwife. Again I want to truly give woman
  the confidence that they can do it on their own, without doctors or harsh drugs
  or C-sections. I was fought by my very educated older sister with now four of her
  own that babies basically birth them selves and I see so many stories telling mother's
  that they are too small or can not do it. I want to be that change to be able to
  tell mother's that they can and they will if they just trust their baby. I feel
  very strongly about Midwifery and everything inside of me wants to be that supportive
  woman other woman look up to one day. I am under the age of twenty-five but I am
  hoping to have babies of my own before then. On top of my dreams and wants I too
  want to feel the life of travel before I turn twenty-five and miss that chance by
  having children of my own. I am single and I spend most of my time in school and
  working. I would love nothing more but to have stories to share about all of the
  fun and wonderful things I have done traveling but yet to do. I like sightseeing
  and taking pictures and o would like to incorporate that with the traveling I have
  yet to do. I am young and eager to get the opportunity to one day travel. I am old
  enough to remember journeys and people I'll meet to remember a traveling time for
  years to come. I love talking to and meeting new people every chance I get. People
  like me and I try to see the good in everyone. I have never traveled and I know
  for a fact that if given this opportunity I would never forget it. They tell you
  to travel after you graduate but I have yet to do that. I would like to be chosen
  for the experience and life long dream I have not yet had the chance to be a part
  of. I have never left Canada and although it is very beautiful here I would like
  to see more. Greenland or Iceland. The Netherlands Russia Spain or France maybe
  Germany. I only speak English and low german but i am learning french on my own.
  I am eager for this oppertunity and hope to be cosen
