Title: Sometimes its about the journey that gets you there
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/sometimes-its-about-the-journey-that-gets-you-there
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Zac Edmonds
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: My journey began with a simple Sunday morning decision. Joe & Lloyd, my best
  friends, were traveling to Central America. Somewhere amongst their conversations
  of where they want to go & what they wanted to do, my inner traveler couldn't bear
  it any longer and I decided stuff it. I'm coming too! I quit my job & booked a return
  ticket to LA. My friends, being who they are, thought the best way to travel was
  "just wing it bro." Me? I wanted a plan, an itinerary. Being outnumbered I also
  had to "wing it bro." This was an anxiety attack waiting to happen and it began
  as we landed in LA with no accommodation & spend far too much money in three days
  than any backpacker should. Leaving a message at the front desk whilst Lloyd & I
  are asleep, Joe unilaterally decides he'll meet us in Costa Rica. Once we get to
  Costa Rica we find Joe at the bus stop to Puerto Viejo. He'd made a Chilean friend
  who was joining us. The Chilean mentioned he was also meeting friends. We get on
  the chicken bus (legit chickens on the bus) to Puerto Viejo and this is really where
  it all begins. The friends happen to be three beautiful chicas! Needless to say
  we kinda got infatuated & what little plans we had went out the window with them.
  From here we travelled from beautiful Puerto Viejo where the rainforest meets the
  beach to Bocas Del Toro in Panama where you can take your pick of a different island
  every day, to finding monkeys in Monteverde and kicking Aardvarks out of our van
  in Nicaragua. Not to mention lots of sangria, salsa and cerveca. But this adventure
  had to end. Sad and reluctant we hopped on a ferry from Santa Teresa returning to
  LA, but it wasn't that easy. It was like once we left our Chileans we were cursed.
  We were stranded in San Jose for three days and once we finally got a flight back
  to LA we missed our connecting flight and were held up in Charlotte for 24hrs. Usually
  by this point I would be melting down but something had changed. I knew everything
  would work out, it all happens for a reason. If we hadn't of stayed in LA too long
  we would not have met the Chileans and had such an amazing adventure. I wasn't concerned
  in the slightest & I remember a wave of relief coming over me in the customs line
  in Charlotte thinking, it'll be all right. After the experience I'd just had; the
  holiday going so smoothly & effortlessly with no plan; for me letting go of control
  & allowing the whole experience; changing me for the better. It really was the last
  thing I expected.
