Title: Song Circle
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/song-circle
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Tanner Ruegg
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The biggest tip for any traveler is to keep an open mind and itinerary.  The
  most meticulously planned trip  could be great, but it's the people and opportunities
  you come across that shift your plans and transforms travel into something magical.  My
  girlfriend and I were roadtripping around Ireland in a rented car, sleeping in the
  back to avoid paying for lodging.  After travelling for over a year and a half,
  with no plans to go back anytime soon, we were trying to stretch our dollar as much
  as possible.  We had been driving all day through County Clare and reached the town
  of Ennis late at night.  A few towns before we heard that Ennis was having a trad
  folk music festival, so we quickly parked and hurried along to the closest pub.  The
  place was packed and the music was humming through the air like invisible electric
  tendrils.  We grabbed our token pints, then as I was standing against the wall,
  I noticed a woman at the bar smiling at me.  She was grandmotherly, with a kind
  smile, so I smiled back and raised my pint in salute. Later as I went for another
  pint near where she was, we struck up a conversation.  She and her husband were
  German, and had retired to Ireland to stretch their retirement.  I apparently reminded
  her of her grandson.  After several minutes of pleasant small talk, she introduced
  her husband to my girlfriend and me, and then invited us back to their home where
  they would host us.  We gleefully accepted, as you do when sleeping in a car for
  a week, and followed them to their small home in the country, where they were consummate
  hosts.  The next morning, we found out that it was the wife's birthday that day.  We
  felt especially guilty for intruding on their good graces on her birthday, but she
  would not hear of it and invited us to their weekly song circle, where they would
  be celebrating tonight.  We couldn't have said no even if we wanted.  That's how
  we found ourselves being driven into the middle of The Burren, that sparse karst
  moonscape draped in fog, out to a tiny former post office that looked as though
  it had only heard of right angles via hearsay and didn't care for it.  In a room
  only lit by candle light, our gracious hosts and their elderly Irish friends sat
  down, and went around the circle taking turns singing or reciting poetry.  We were
  transported, with the modern world left behind, and only the shadows of the burrens
  and the candlelight and the lilting voices around us. No planning could have been
  more magical.
