Title: Soothing sunburns
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/soothing-sunburns
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Priyata Shilpi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I was fuming!

  No,I literally was.

  I was in the middle of the desert,my travel plans had gone awry,sun was blazing,I
  had forgotten my sunscreen tube in the hotel room 45 km away and I was all alone.

  My first solo trip was a disaster!What made me think it would widen my horizons
  and make me grow as a person?My self loathing tirade would have continued had I
  not felt a tug on my cargo pants.

  Looking down I found myself staring in the warm brown eyes of a toddler,"Aww, aren''t
  you a cutie?"I picked her up cooing while looking around for her parents.A boy in
  his early teens came running towards us shouting"Naaz, Naaz..You shouldn''t wander
  away and scare me like this sister" he took her in his arms and rebuked lightly.

  He then threw a beguiling smile my way and said"I am Ali,have you come here on a
  tour?" His goofy grin and open ways made me pour out my sad tale,how I mistakenly
  booked a hotel too far away from the main city of Jaisalmer,how I got left out from
  the camel Safari and how I didn''t know what to do.

  "Don''t worry sis,we will show you Jaisalmer"he said,I told him that I had already
  seen the city the day before at which he exclaimed "Oh but you haven''t!"

  On the way to the shop where he worked,he told me his life story,both his parents
  were dead,killed in some freak accident after which his father''s best friend took
  them in and also got Ali a job.He couldn''t go to school himself but he was saving
  for Naaz''s education.

  In the shop I could see him whispering to his uncle while I bought some gorgeous
  sarees.He took a half day leave to show me around the city.

  I have this belief that everyone''s version of a city is completely different,and
  Ali had begun showing me his.He was leading the way and talking animatedly,with
  Naaz at his hip,about all the shops and life stories of the shopkeepers.He showed
  me the best places to shop,I tried out ''daal bati churma'' a local delicacy,and
  it was worth dying for,nothing like the mediocre dish I had tasted earlier.

  Cherry on the top of my delicious day was when he led to a farm where there were
  a few camels,I was so overwhelmed that he remembered my cancelled Safari!

  He wanted me to meet his new family so I went carrying sweets for everyone,I couldn''t
  stay for dinner as it was getting late.

  I spent the long ride back to the hotel pondering over the day.

  The cruel talons of destiny.

  The iron will that succumbs to nothing.

  The ability to find peace where we are

  Suddenly my chafed sunburned skin was not so painful after all.'
