Title: Special night
DateModified: '2018-02-06'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/special-night
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Sanjay Malik
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Once a time I was reached rishikesh the city of yoga in india.actually I had
  some sleeping problem I can''t able to sleep night during time .you can say I am
  the patient of diseases in which people not take good sleep..that''s hard happened
  .when I was reached with my friends .the area of rushed populist .we were crossing
  it .but suddenly I felt I walked alone .when I was truned. My friend desiperd in
  rush of people .and that time I hadn''t mobile phones .I had only two note of 1000
  thousand rupees .and with sad faced.my eyes searched them everywhere .I runed and
  stood up a hight area and saw or sarched him but. Its was my bad luck I .could not
  able to searched them .my eyes wet and weeping from inside.but I can''t lost my
  patsens.level and seaching them continue. I was very disappoint that happened with
  me..I was pray to god. For met them .but not sucessed. At last I felt angry and
  very trusty I decided to took some food and water. I went a daba(hotel ) took food
  full off .and I decide I searched him near the river of ganga .Because they had
  planned to view of ganga aarti to evening. .I walked and visted ganga near. .they
  seen of ganga river with flow inside the hills. I felt relaxed and silence. And
  I didn''t remembed that time .I lost here ..as during. Time was night 8 pm .the
  new problem was that where I stayed tonight ..I had left 1700 rupess .and I decided
  to took room in the hotel .room cost was 600 .I was ready but they told me for identity
  .I was,silence because I was not had any Identity .I requested him to. Aviode .it
  but his was not agree with me.then I out way and requested to other one. I requested
  to At least 10 hotel to gave me rooms .I told him what happened with me .but no
  buddy help me .this situation was very cretical .and you know it was first  time
  came for traveling .and continue I pray to god. Please met me with my friend. Finally
  I thought why I missed the night ganga view .I known I can''t sleep in night time
  because .I was patients .of that diseases .

  I started walked again to visit ganga bank .and when I visited I saw lot of sandhu
  sant type people .was prepared him bed on near ganga bank .I wanna tell you .sandhu
  sant people are those have not home .no job .that work only meditation and yoga
  .in the feet of Himalaya .I sit little away from them .I was very tired to lot of
  walked .suddenly I felt sleep .and after some minute I sleeped.after a long time
  .when I woke up with smiley faced. Because I was get well soon .with my deceased
  .'
