Title: Spine-chilling climb to a sacred vista
DateModified: '2018-02-08'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/spine-chilling-climb-to-a-sacred-vista
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Dee Minettos
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'Most know of the purported "lost city of the Incas", Machu Picchu. Those fortunate
  enough to embark on the famous Inca Trail which leads to the other-worldly citadel,
  know it is worth the mammoth effort and deserving of an experience of a lifetime
  accolade.

  I decided before I undertook this incredible experience that I would traverse the
  extra 260m ascent to Huayna Picchu, so as to witness the extraordinary vista for
  myself. What a life-changing adventure! Yes, the view was unimaginably divine. It
  felt as though the entire world were laid out in front of me, 360 degrees around
  and several kilometers plummeting deep below. And there, the most majestic sight
  of Machu Picchu from the perspective of the heavens. No words can describe the elation
  and exhilaration that reverberated throughout my entire being. This feeling was
  perhaps amplified by the fact that the expedition leading to this moment was far
  beyond what I could have ever imagined. Difficult? Tumultuous? These words fail
  to skim the surface.

  After four challenging days of hiking the Inca Trail, with magnificent views, incredible
  history and personal obstacles, my legs were tired and shaky yet I had to muster
  focus and energy to get down to safer ground. After all, what goes up..

  So my question was "how on earth do I get this body of mine back down this monstrous
  mountain?". I literally felt that I was on the edge of the world and with the slightest
  misstep I could be off it forever.

  I was the only person on my tour group to climb this extra peak, so was essentially
  on my own. Of course there were others clambering up, but no one I knew or could
  use as physical or psychological support. To say the ascent was unnerving is an
  understatement. With unstable and narrow steps, and cliffs so shear there was nowhere
  to go but straight down. Kilometers down. I thought I must be unfit. A chicken.
  A chicken with white knuckles and a palpitating heart. But when I took the wrong
  turn and found myself going up a trail meant for descent, I realised that it was
  not just me. Oh, the look of horror on the faces coming down. Faces that will stay
  with me for a lifetime. Some were descending on their buttocks, using their hands
  as feet and their feet as shaking outstretched tentacles, desperately hoping they''d
  somehow find a stable, safe surface. We shared moments of complete and utter unfathomable
  panic. Is this the end?

  Suffice to say it wasn''t. I live to tell the tale. I hope you were there with me
  enjoying the ride!'
