Title: Split, The Outskirts.
DateModified: '2018-02-19'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/split-the-outskirts
SetInCountry: Croatia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Will Relf
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'Croatia is edging towards becoming one of the European strongholds for tourism.  Although
  not quite up there with the Costa del Sols and the Amsterdams of our continent,
  its Game of Thrones appearances and Adriatic appeal has certainly left it as a strong
  contender.


  Recommendations of most coastal areas in the country had fallen upon my ears but
  my virgin voyage to Croatia took me to Zadar, Hvar and Split.  All 3 places were
  very individual and unique - unlike several other sunny, European retreats I have
  been on. Croatia was not yet tarnished by any tacky tourism and its atmosphere was
  natural and pleasant.  I experienced a few local connections, how ''local'' they
  were is not easy for an English guy from Kent to establish... but they certainly
  felt so.


  One especially local experience has always stuck in my mind.  In Split our Airbnb
  host had pointed us to the tourist hotspots but on our penultimate day, after I
  had gotten my bearings, I had a look at the Instagram hashtags of ''Park Marjan''.
  I had also tried to use satellite images to look closer at the area but the only
  photos were from its viewpoint overlooking Split - maybe just that would be worthy
  of a visit!


  Nonetheless, after trudging up a never ending staircase we viewed an overcast Split
  from said viewpoint and opted to continue walking away from any other visitors and
  this begun our local connection.  We trekked a little further through winding woodland
  paths and quiet roads; packing light had started to look like a bad idea.  We had
  rationed our water and our swimming stuff was (irritatingly) staying dry and neatly
  folded in a rucksack.  I suggested carrying on, with no accurate idea of the scale
  of this park we ventured further east away from civilisation to the head of the
  peninsula.  The only passers-by were cyclists, ruins and the occasional 15th century
  hermitage and chapel buried spectacularly in the mountainside.  We were scoping
  beautiful beaches from up above and trying to navigate every path down towards them
  but to no avail.  After eventually stopping to top up our water at the local beach
  Bene, a sandy shore shrouded by forest, we headed back passing families that had
  finished school and work setting up towels on rocks in secluded coves to swim into
  their weekday evenings.  We arrived back in central Split, once again tourists,
  and embarking on the cliche hunt for a well-priced evening meal right in the heart
  of the old town.'
