Title: Stepping into my father&#39;s past
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/stepping-into-my-father-s-past
SetInCountry: Croatia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Luciano Kovacs
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: A train was rattling between the motorway and the Kvarner Gulf, right beneath
  the overpass where I stopped my car to take a first glimpse of the bay. The clatter
  vibrating from below shook my limbs, as my look froze in front of the memories my
  father has handed down to me over the decades. I was entering the city he had abandoned
  as an exile seventy years before, when its name was still Fiume and its streets
  had mostly Italian names. Rijeka mirrored itself into the Adriatic Sea, its harbor
  a vestige of an empire hidden in the crevices of history, but still alive in the
  buildings erected in this Croatian city centuries ago. Its waters are lapping onto
  the coast of a now sought-after tourist destination as though that separation had
  never been there. In my mind, the train was carrying the ghosts of those who had
  fled the city right after World War Two and had become refugees in their own country.
  It was probably a commuter train carrying locals to their daily lives. The harbor
  in the distance still smelled with the body odor of those who had been waiting on
  the clearing space to sail off to Trieste. A derelict ship docked on a rusty pier
  admonished the passersby that every human enterprise comes to an end. Rijeka is,
  for me, the symbol of a family tragedy that occurred through the whims of passing
  epochs, on the checkerboard of nation states that formed and collapsed in the 20th
  Century. I drove into the city with a throbbing heart, pulsating at each corner
  where I imagined my father had walked. The market near the guesthouse where I had
  rented a room was abuzz with vendors and awash with fruits and vegetables. My father's
  family used to trot down the hills there once a week to replenish their pantry while
  mingling with those inhabiting more humble neighborhoods. I walked down the Korzo,
  now a pedestrian area filled with stores and cafes, in search of my grandfather's
  shoe shop, where his economic breakthrough had cropped up, only to break down together
  with the Austrian-Hungarian empire. The stunning view of the gulf from the elevated
  part of the city hinted at a time when the burgeoning class of merchants chose those
  hills to reside. There, as a hound, I found my grandfather's villa. By the time
  the sun started to set and before the bay changed color, I was sitting on the porch
  of the last house my family had lived in and, in conversing with the current owner,
  I was reconciled.
