Title: Storm Clouds over a Small Winery
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/storm-clouds-over-a-small-winery
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Howard Anglin
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'If you drive east from Toronto on Highway 401 for an hour and a half, take
  exit 522 south to the Loyalist Parkway and then navigate increasingly narrow lanes
  towards Lake Ontario, you will eventually find yourself in front of a weathered
  barn from the 1860s and a neat white farmhouse. A small vineyard slopes behind the
  barn, which serves as both tasting room and cellar for the Old Third Winery in Prince
  Edward County. The barn and the farmhouse belong to self-taught winemaker Bruno
  Francois, who was eager to show them off to a curious out-of-towner last summer.


  During my visit, a squall erupted across the sky; rain buffeted the leaves and pooled
  in the dry earth by the roots. Oblivious to the storm, Francois marched between
  the wet vines, describing the unique qualities of the land that he had discovered
  in this quiet corner of Ontario.


  The first thing that impressed me was his obsessive commitment. The second was his
  wine. I''ve been fortunate to drink a lot of very good wine, and Francois'' wines
  crackle with a purity and a vitality that remind you that wine, as much as any other
  farm product, is a living, organic thing.


  Several months after my visit, Francois received a letter from the Vintners Quality
  Alliance (VQA), the provincial wine regulator. It informed him that, because he
  had opted out of their voluntary regulatory regime, he could no longer use the terms
  "Prince Edward County" or "Ontario" on his labels or marketing materials.


  Francois was dumbfounded. He had been making wine since before the VQA recognized
  the county as an official growing region, and now they were telling him he couldn''t
  tell anyone where he was. How would customers know where to find him?


  Maybe the VQA was arrogant enough to think Francois would roll over. Instead, he
  hired a lawyer and fought back.


  Two weeks ago, I received a call. Francois'' words tumbled down the line: He''d
  won! The adjudicator had agreed that the VQA had overreached. He was elated, but
  also reflective: "I never thought I''d find myself fighting the government just
  to make a living."


  Common sense has prevailed, for now. Pending an appeal, Francois is free to keep
  plowing his life''s savings into the loamy Prince Edward County clay, making from
  the elemental marriage of soil, vine and labour something unique that brings joy
  to his customers. But he now works under a cloud more ominous than a summer storm:
  the stress of bureaucratic uncertainty, and a fear that the government could yet
  take it all away.'
