Title: Stranger In Paradise
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/stranger-in-paradise
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Keaton Fletcher
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'The loch hung heavy with slow white mist. It wrapped itself around the pines
  and skimmed across the still, clear water. I could just make out the green and brown
  untamed shore across the loch. The mystery made my eyes hungry to capture every
  detail; the craggy mottled stone, green swathes and occasional gnarled tree. I heard
  the water lap gently at the volcanic stone under foot as I breathed in the crisp
  mountain air. This landscape was foreign, and yet strangely familiar. In this place,
  where the sky made itself a twin upon a great inland expanse; where mauve flowers
  littered the grass, yellow gorse grew wild, and the auld stories seemed suddenly
  possible, I wondered at the curious sensation which tightened my chest. It had trickled
  through my veins as I travelled deeper, growing into a flood the closer I came to
  the still water in front of me. Until blood and some mysterious magic collided in
  my body and one word echoed in my mind. It was an unexpected revelation, and as
  I stood frozen drinking it in, a new future lodged half-formed in a small corner
  of my mind. Just a vague notion at first, but one that would grow so garrulous and
  insistent over the next year it would set wheels in motion that would alter my life
  forever.

  It was the last few days of my adventure in Scotland. I was alone now and my friend''s
  parting gift was to convince me to go back to Loch Ness. So instead of taking the
  expected route to Edinburgh I headed north. As I drove my body thrummed with a strange
  energy I couldn''t name. I felt excited, but also so at peace with the world that
  the two sensations collided in unexpected ways. As I stood upon the red bank of
  Loch Ness again, breathing in the crisp mountain air I''d somehow learned to miss,
  I was home.

  Some life events change you irrevocably. I''d always been drawn to Scotland, but
  before I visited I had no idea it would steal my soul and leave me untethered until
  I returned. Now I live here, and though I''m a stranger in a strange land, it feels
  right. For the last couple of years I''ve felt like I was drowning. Yet here, I
  feel light and new and grounded. The highlands are a short drive away and my heart
  is at peace.

  Moving halfway around the world to a place I barely knew, where I didn''t know what
  the future would hold or if I''d even want to stay, was the last thing I expected
  when I set off to Edinburgh for a two week road trip. Two years on, and a few months
  into my stay here, I feel more than ever before that this is home.'
