Title: Stubborn trek-her
DateModified: '2018-02-14'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/stubborn-trek-her
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Sachin Danappa
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'As usual it''s a time of semester holidays where I with bunch of my friends
  planned an trekking to MANALI in the month of January,where I walking along the
  river Bea''s which happens to be one of the major river in district of Himachal
  Pradesh,The water flowing through the admist stones and rocks creates a beautiful
  symphony and one of the best music of nature ever heard! Meanwhile I happened to
  see this stubborn trekker walking all alone somewhere far from us! Next day it was
  a trek to one of the finest water falls! And trek route to the water falls was kind
  of difficult and During this trek I was in a temptation to talk to her but she was
  always ahead of us,

  And finally the last day of trek to Hamta village a small village is covered with
  beautiful snow! seemed as if the snow blanketed the entire village;the temperature
  was around 2'' Enroute to this village was really a difficult one as it was my day
  her speed reduced apparently n conversation started with holding her hand as she
  was about to skid in that slippery pebbles! Meanwhile,while getting down she choosed
  the most difficult path descending while others followed the guide but me being
  a little interested in her choosed her path! And trust me the path wasn''t that
  easy as others descended but one of the best adventure of all time! And it was time
  for me to break the silence! Screamed that she was a bad trekker and a stubborn
  one! She furiously looking at me,came near me and shouting "I m not!!"this was what
  I least wanted breaking the dead silence between us! And told her "yes you are!"but
  she again denied and started yelling her definition of trekking that she wants to
  reach the destination all alone without others help,she wanted to find a new way
  which always made her happy by going on her own instincts!! And in a complete sense
  all that she wanted to be is an independent trekker!This definition of her being
  independent looked like she was stubborn! Because for me trekking is something which
  you enjoy being with other'' s and meeting and greeting every new people on the
  way! Encouraging and pampering weak ones to trek and moreover my definition of trek
  is being connected with others!! well we had lot of difference and coz of this difference
  she might have looked like a stubborn trekker! May be she was self sufficient in
  her own way of enjoying the trek!And this was one of the beautiful trek that happened
  to me and got much more beautiful meeting this stubborn trek- her along the way.'
