Title: Summit Fever.
DateModified: '2018-02-06'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/summit-fever
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Abhishek Vastrad
AuthorCountry: India
Text: June 5, 2017, it was a freezing cold night at  Bhagwabasa camp, a stark and
  isolated camp site at an altitude of 14,000feet MSL, it's the final camp before
  one pushes forward to Roopkund lake, a mysterious lake at 16,000 feet, riddle with
  ancient skeletons frozen in time. With legends and local folklore mentioning the
  skeletons origins to a group of pilgrims having been fatally killed in a hail storm
  during their pilgrimage to Goddess Nandadevi. It's 9PM, my girlfriend of 4 years
  had decided to accompany me on this perilous journey. It was our first high altitude
  Himalayan trek and she was already showing sings of altitude sickness, nausea, lack
  of sleep and severe heavy breathing made me realise she will not be continuing her
  journey, she tells me to move on forward without her and finish the trek. But I
  came to a grim realisation that although I was acclimatized well, I will not be
  summiting either. It was driving me mad and insane. I was caught between staying
  back to take care of the person I love and my 6 years of procrastination and failed
  planning to summit what I had be always dreaming of climbing to the mysterious lake.
  Summit Fever, that's what I had. I had a desperate, strong urge to climb the mountain
  the next day, summit attempt starts before sunrise, when the snow is fresh at 3AM.
  The extreme altitude, lack of oxygen and with a mild throbbing headache, my decision
  making skills was tossed out, I was going back and forth telling myself that I could
  attempt the summit early on and return back before my girlfriend wakes up in her
  tent. 2AM and our hiking instructor, gives us a briefing on the details about the
  final summit push, it's a 3km trek up to the lake and one gains a drastic 2000feet
  in elevation. My summit Fever is head strong, but I'm the final moments, I decided
  to stay, I told myself no mountain is greater than any person or their life. Mountains
  stand there for thousands of years but us humans don't, having realised to what
  extent I was pushed to, pushed over the edge by my own thoughts, I regained my senses
  and returned back in misery and despair. Due to lack of oxygen, I took a 5 second
  break for every 2 steps, which took a long time for me to return to the tent. This
  was one most toughest decision that I made that day. To a common man on sea level
  can take a decision very easily and quickly, but when you are up in the mountains
  at freezing temperatures and high altitude, it really does push one to their every
  edge of Insanity.
