Title: summer in the country
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/summer-in-the-country
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sanjana Lokanath
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Rarely i smell the smell of early cold mornings with a delicate whiff of smokey
  air rising from the chimney of a house; and it always takes me back to the days
  i spent my summer break in the country. My body would involuntarily wake up early
  in the morning, for i wouldn''t want to miss the long chilly walks in the coconut
  grove that spread in front of the tiny little, orange tile roofed cottage. A scenic
  view it was, to open the doors and look at the shimmering lake at a far off distance
  beyond all the patches of crop that lay in between, the kids of the village would
  walk along with us telling us stories of people and animals of the village.

  They would guard us from any stray dogs that were to attack us and warn us about
  haunted wells or trees as we explored the area around. I can never forget the day
  we went off to work with the kids as we planned, to help them graze their flock
  of sheep. Carrying lunchboxes and holding canes made of twigs, playing the role
  of a Shepherd, guiding the flock from one grazing field to another, we went; while
  the sheep fed, all of us sat down under a tree and had a little picnic of our own.
  On some days we would go along with the village kids for a swim in the well; they
  would jump off from the rim of the well and splash! they would hit the water. The
  non-swimmers were given rubber tire that would fit around our body as we pushed
  in through the central hole, and i remember descending down tiny stone ledges that
  projected out of the stone stacked wall of the well, that acted as cantilevered
  steps, well really tiny ones, quite a scare but i did it anyway. It was all fun
  and laughter as we reached into the water. It almost felt as if i grew up her. On
  some days we would sit by the open front porch watching the sun set and the dusk
  take over the sky, the stars would soon be visible and there were always a billion
  beautiful sparkles lighting up the night. In a far across distance between the dark
  foliage, the glow of lamps that lit up the village along with the crickets voices
  that made a rhythmic tune in the air around seemed to make this place seem like
  the only existing place on earth. Although we had to get inside the house a little
  early as the bears would start their strolls in the fields, and its best advised
  that you don''t meet any of them! Everyday was a new story, from taking a walk up
  to the lake and fishing, to picking corn in the fields, and eating the best food!
  I never seemed to open my special backpack that summer.'
