Title: Surprising Lessons from the Roadways of Hanoi
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/surprising-lessons-from-the-roadways-of-hanoi
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Courtney Barley
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I learned as a young adult that if something terrifies me; it's a good indicator
  it's something to try. I didn't want to ride scooters in Vietnam. After witnessing
  the chaotic roadways in Hanoi, I was terrified. Some family members and I were staying
  in the Old Quarter of Hanoi, we spent our first few days there exploring by foot.
  The falling rain our first day added to the charm of the quarter, bringing the smells
  of the city to life. The scooters are more common than cars, not only are they much
  cheaper to purchase, they get great gas mileage and are easier to store. Jamie had
  been adamant about us renting scooters from the beginning, her and Adina went to
  get the scooters the morning of, while Jess and I (more reluctant) waited. They
  told us Adina accidentally crashed the scooter before they left, not helping my
  fear. I initially rode passenger, behind Adina. Riding on the back of the scooter
  was still frightening, we didn't see any other tourists on scooters, leading me
  to believe we were either incredibly brave or incredibly stupid. While breaking
  for some Pho I decided I had to drive. I concluded we were in Vietnam, had the scooters,
  and may never again get this chance. Although I have ridden a motorcycle before,
  I have very little practice. There wasn't any place to test the scooters like I
  wanted, so I just hopped on with Adina and went for it. I didn't immediately crash,
  I was relieved. After riding along, I realized I was no longer terrified. I felt
  liberated, ecstatic, remembering my reasons for loving motorcycles in the past.
  The wind blowing past your face, mouthwatering smells from the passing food stalls,
  constant honking of horns all around you, and the excitement! My senses were completely
  overwhelmed in the best way possible. You notice this unspoken etiquette between
  drivers, they will brake for you if necessary, wait for you if you stall at a stop
  light, and point you in the right direction if needed. We got lost a few times,
  ran through a few lights, and made complete fools of ourselves. When we returned
  the scooters, I was sad the experience was over, but I was also glad I had been
  afraid to try; ultimately that's what pushed my decision. Riding scooters was one
  of my favorite experiences during weeks of traveling through Southeast Asia. It
  reaffirmed my foreknown knowledge that if something frightens you, you should always
  give it a chance. Experiences like this, that are often not what you expected and
  force you outside of your comfort zone, are the epitome of travel.
