Title: Take me home, wherever it may be.
DateModified: '2018-02-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/take-me-home-wherever-it-may-be
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Olha  Novikova
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'When I was an aspiring journalist for a local newspaper, writing about the
  war in the East Ukraine that was far too "heavy" for my tender age of 20, I would
  wake up with a "Why?". Why people who share fairy-tale characters, jokes, language,
  vodka and buckwheat destroy each other? I quit the newspaper to look for answers
  elsewhere. So here we were, bunch of young journalists united for a "backpack journalism"
  seminar in Italian village of Sermugnano, with more cats than inhabitants. We: a
  redhead, a brunette and a blonde (me) took our backpacks and smiles and started
  a hitchhiking trip around Italy. "Have you ever tried it? - No. You want to? -We
  don''t speak Italian. Someone can kidnap us. Damn, let''s go!". My fears may, indeed,
  sound unreasonable for weather-beaten European backpackers who already made their
  way all around Latin America, but, believe me, hitchhiking is a big step for a girl
  who all her life had been told: "Dear, you should never go by car with strangers".  We
  took this challenge, because: tourists normally go to mainstream places, and the
  beauty of hidden corners remains unnoticed; we wanted to prove that people can understand
  each other without language proper if they really want to; often we have prejudices
  about other cultures just because we don''t know the people who represent it. This
  trip became a personal discovery for me. "This car won''t stop. it is too "fancy"!",
  surprisingly, even the "fancy car" stopped. One lady left her ignition key and a
  wallet in the car with us. If only my granny knew: "That''s something you should
  never do!" and she would probably be right. Another guy gave us sweets, and one
  more granny''s rule was broken: "Never eat things from strangers". Lovers of Italian
  cuisine may lose their sleep now: we were invited to an authentic Italian dinner.
  Once we were stuck in a very small city for hours, we even tried changing our destination
  city several times. Finally I wrote a desperate "TAKE ME HOME" which made one guy
  change his plans and help us. By the way, that was the only person among our local
  connections who spoke English. "I was actually going to buy a lamp, then I saw you
  with that cute "TAKE ME HOME" sign and you reminded me of myself 20 years ago".
  Why on Earth did I start my travel story from a Ukrainian newspaper and the 10 commandments
  of my granny? I believe, any travel story begins long before you pass a boarder
  control. Real travelling starts when you overcome the boarders in your mind

  .'
