Title: Taking a Plunge
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/taking-a-plunge
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Madeline Potter
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'I had pages of information written about Europe: how much flights were, which
  companies would give me the best travel insurance and health cover for my diabetes,
  which place I would go first, the exchange rates... then my brother came home from
  a month-long trip across the North East coast of my beautiful home- Australia, where
  he had spent the last two weeks in the lush tropics of Cairns, Queensland. I was
  excited to hear all about it, a little envious I will admit, but never expected
  him to tell me he had decided to move there. My heart was broken as my best friend
  in the whole world was moving away, far away- to the other side of the country!
  It took some time to come to terms with it and I accepted that it was something
  he had to do. We were fishing off the rocks on the Port of Fremantle when he said
  in a nonchalant manner that i should join him on his journey across country. Something
  sparked inside me and ignited my desires for travel, no matter the place. I slept
  on it, weighed up the pros and cons and after only a day or two of careful contemplation,
  I said I was in. I had grown tired of my routined life- working myself to the brink,
  stressed out of my mind and up to my neck in bills only to be getting what seemed
  like nowhere- all at the ripe old age of twenty-one. The idea became more like a
  goal than an idea the more we talked about it and soon we were making arrangements.
  I put my beloved first ever car up for sale and began saving every last penny I
  had. What originated as a four-day drive through the guts of the country turned
  into an extended drive, maybe a few weeks. One afternoon, only some two months before
  we planned to leave my brother approached me with the idea to buy an old caravan
  so that we could really slow down and enjoy the trip. Hesitant as I was it sounded
  too good to pass. We each put in for a 1964 Millard Princess caravan and he slaved
  away with his Boilermaking skills to make the caravan up to scratch and before we
  knew it the day had arrived that we were bidding farewell to our loved ones. Ready
  to taste freedom for the first time, we stepped into the unknown and drove away,
  never once looking back. After taking four months to drive across the South coast,
  making a pit stop in at Tasmania we found not only a sense of freedom and independence,
  but an entirely new outlook on life itself. The trip opened our eyes to something
  bigger, a more wholesome way to live life, and I wrote about the entire trip in
  my special journal...'
