Title: 'Tales of Tartheis: India'
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/tales-of-tartheis-india
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Mike Thomas
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I arrived in Hampi, India at 6am, just in time for the sunrise. The remote
  village was filled with old temples. But my destination lay across the river. The
  light colored the many piles of massive rocks red. There it is, climbing heaven.
  I waited at the river for the boat operators. I was told they started taking passengers
  across at 7am. The far shore was no more than 30 yards, and it irked me that I had
  to wait so long to get so short a distance. But this was India time. I had to learn
  to slow my pace. And I was happy to wait and relax after the hectic overnight bus
  ride from Bangalore anyway. I fed the many stray dogs as I sat.


  A parade of locals came out from the town and down to the river. As they were all
  carrying various items, I thought they too were coming to cross the river. But then
  they all started bathing in the water. The older women washed their clothes while
  the children played. Was this a daily occurrence?


  7am arrived and I went down to the rickety, rusted metal boats. I was the only person
  who wanted to cross, so they told me I had to wait for a full boat. Now I was getting
  impatient. I just wanted a real bed and some sleep. A large woven basket sat in
  the water next to the boats. A coracle, it was called. The bottom was coated in
  tar, to help it float. The cost was 50 rupees to take it now, or I could wait for
  the boat. I opted for the coracle.


  A middle-aged man and woman boarded as well. A small local boy played our captain.
  He pushed us off and paddled the woven boat slowly across the water. We reached
  the ''dock'' on the far shore, which consisted of several sand bags stacked on top
  of one another. The woman moved to exit first. She put her hands on the dock and
  the boat began to push away. ''Uh oh,'' I thought, worrying about all the tech in
  my backpack. She was suspended over the water, and started to scream. The man moved
  to help her and the boat tipped severely. I moved to the opposite side to balance
  it. The boat pushed away further and the woman flopped harmlessly into the shallow
  water. The coracle righted itself.


  I held back my laughter until the man and the boy started first. This was definitely
  worth the 50 rupees. The woman stood up in the water and walked ashore. With the
  India heat, she''d be dry in no time. I hopped off, happy I wasn''t in her place,
  but grateful for the story. I got to my guest house, booked a room, and collapsed
  into a hammock. What a weird day.'
