Title: Talks among the sightseers
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/talks-among-the-sightseers
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Agnieszka Czajkowska
AuthorCountry: Poland
Text: 'And there we were; two strangers, tourists but not tourists walking through
  the crowd of tourists. My first time in Rome.

  We met at the hostel. This kind where you have an apartment to your disposal with
  bunch of other travelers. Even reception was in the other building. So basically
  we could feel like we rented the apartment in Rome. Like Erasmus students. Like
  Italians. Like locals.

  You know what, Aga? Let''s have a walk together.

  So we did. He decided to give me all the advice he could think of after spending
  few weeks in the city. His last my first evening here. We left the hostel and turned
  left, like if we had been having a walk like this everyday for years. And I had
  no idea where we were going, to be honest. His pace was so quick and we talked so
  much that I didn''t even realize when we have reached the Colosseum. At some point
  he just said:

  and here it is.

  I stopped amazed by this almost touchable proof of civilization''s power. But just
  for a second, cause we quickly focused on taking the fastest way to get out of the
  crazy crowd of sightseers.

  I want to know what you think of the next one, cause I like it more, to be honest.

  He overused the phrase to be honest so much.

  So we went to Piazza Venezzia. Again huge impression but even bigger crowd. We almost
  ran away, took some tiny side alley.

  So, how do you like it?

  A lot but...

  Tourists I know, it is always like this. Tomorrow will be even worst it''s Saturday.

  His British didn''t really suit here. But apart of that he really made the impression
  as he was from there ''oh, we have to go there for the ice cream, the best place
  in town, to be honest''.

  We went down to the Circus Maximus. Sat in front of it, on the empty field finally
  without any sightseers around us. Smoking cigarettes, sharing stories, experiences,
  points of view.

  Are you happy, Aga?

  We had met literally three hours before that question was asked.

  And then I realized why I love traveling so much. Why the best part of traveling
  is people. How they help you get to know the place, feel it, understand it.

  But they also help you with traveling into yourself. Probably they do it unconsciously,
  just being themselves in their place of the world. Or their temporary place where
  they feel confident, relaxed, safe and they know where to buy the best ice cream.
  And you? You are taking their advice, you can feel their irritation about tourists
  and you eat ice cream in that place.

  Next morning I left the hostel and, to be honest, I turned left.'
