Title: 'Thanjavur The Land Of Chola '
DateModified: '2018-02-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/thanjavur-the-land-of-chola
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Govind  Paliiath
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I was so tired. That day i realised its time to go for a vacation. After that
  hours of surfing all over the internet finally i ford the place Thanjavur. Many
  of the will ask why I selected the ansir is the place is the history is what dragged
  me to see this place it where the Chola king Raja  Raja Chola Lived. I didn't think
  back i just int online booked a ticket for Friday evening. then i int home packed
  my bags it was just a 1 or 2 days plan. As the travelling to Thanjavur was so good
  i was traveling in a A/c coach as the return was not planned i didn't booked the
  return tickets which i recommend no one should ever do if you are a comfy else you
  might get stuck at the place. Then on Friday 5pm i got on coach from Aluva and it
  was i was so relaxing i felt like i was moving away from all my problems. The travel
  was so interesting. It was a 426 km journey. the coach stopped at Palakkad for dinner.
  I had a good and neat vegetarian dinner  from Aaryas where i had some dosa. while
  traveling we should be very careful with food. Then i reached early 3am then i took
  a room it was so cheap for the room where i had a quick nap. Then i woke up early
  and had a good Tamil breakfast Idly it was so good i never had such good idily.
  when i was paying the bill i asked the manager about the places. He explained about
  the temple which is a Unesco heritage project and the king palace. Then i got into
  a local bus and reached the old bus stand and walked to the temple it was huge and
  the stones used there iighed tons to learn about the i got a guide luckily he was
  the one who explained about the temple to Nat Goe he explained it very ill it just
  cost me Rs 250 only the carving on the temple had so detail and most of the structure
  was carved on a single piece of stone and the thanjavur painting  is also famous.
  the blue colour is so bright. then i walked to the palace of the king. It was a
  little far the day was getting warm the place was so dry and no humidity but i walked
  taking pictures of the streets local food and selfish with people for my Instagram.then
  i reached the palace and the ticket was just Rs 20 and there where a lot of exhibits
  and i understand the king was so much interested in art and culture. after that
  i had my lunch a  good tamil thali meals. and i planned on returning home in local
  bus seeing the country side and people. Which makes changes in ourself which i don't
  recognise. I cant forget the travel i was really beautiful. Everyone should try.
