Title: THAT SHELVED SELF...AND A TRIP!
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/that-shelved-self-and-a-trip
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Chandrima Samanta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Advika saw ten different people on their respective extensions screaming their
  lungs out on certain mundane issues. Amidst this outcry she paced out. Mountains
  were always true to her. They were a kind of spirit soul which always told her what
  to do.45 minutes down this evasive and tumultuous battle , she chose eloping off
  and crossed her fingers at the thought of her employee rating, salary appraisal,
  Year end review, but something made her release her fingers, a slight brush of self
  pity maybe, that thought told her prayers are pious things for mystic events and
  she just left. After reaching she finally settled into a cab to reach Gangtok, she
  ogled at the sky. Clean air gave her euphoria.

  They started their tour all the way to Gurudongmar Lake in the morning, on the way
  she saw several Monks coming from the Rumtek monastery and wondered how they always
  smile and what if they are actually happy all the time. Happiness maybe is not a
  myth. The first glimpse of the place gave her a different exaltation, a sort of
  glee filled her face, this is what she described being happy in a silent way, her
  favorite kind of happiness.

  When she woke up the sun had just started to come out, she stared at the sky, the
  first thought that came to her mind was that she hates espresso but still has it
  with her boss, the thought surprised her, she let her mind loose at this. When she
  reached the valley all that there was, was snow and water, in a color which gives
  your eyes a feeling of vindication. She thought whatever she is doing why is she
  doing it, why can''t the only work human race ever invented was to see places and
  just make a journal, a journal about how different you feel about each place, and
  the only term and condition would be to maybe just be true to that feeling, and
  chastise the very feeling at that very instant, just jolting it down as it is. And
  the only assigned work would be to may be read it again and be able to feel the
  same unerring thing, in that very veracious way. That thought made her happy but
  she knew about the human race too well.

  She sat near to the cliff writing in her journal, She paused a bit before the last
  line and then smiled and wrote "You need to just get away from everything for a
  while to maybe make a perfect sense out of the mess you have been making!" She closed
  the diary and smirked to herself, puzzled if the line made any sense, but then she
  chose to walk away, her mind said "Sometimes it does not have to make sense"'
