Title: The Journey
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-journey-2
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Brittany  Wicker
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: My story has 7 chapters so far, I'm still writing more. So far it's about a
  young girl trying to find her way in the world. While overcoming fear and stress,
  she learns how to become adventurous to learn more about who she is and what she
  wants. She takes this journey around the world, meets new people, learns their cultures
  and finds who she is, falls in love, has tough decisions to make along the way.
  She has to decide whether or not this longterm relationship of hers will go anywhere
  or will end. When I came up with this story, I was thinking about myself honestly,
  new experiences, adventures, a world I haven't seen yet, trying to find myself,
  making tough decisions and paths, dealing with a father who has cancer. We all want
  to know who we are and find ourselves. I wanted to write a book that young youths
  can understand that life has obstacles and you have to be prepared of how to handle
  things or what to do. It makes you think, guide and control who you want to be,
  become or head towards a goal. My dream goal on my bucket list I told travel the
  world, I want to see everything, experience it all, I just don't have the money
  or budget to do so, so instead I write poetry and books to allow myself to feel
  what it's like to actually be there. The stories I've heard about Europe are either
  its a great place to travel and see, others say don't bother, but we don't know
  how to react or judge places unless we see them for ourselves or speak the language
  to understand the culture. I would like to become an better writer, poet and person.
  I want to be happier doing what I love in life and everyday, we all want something
  in life, well this is what I want, this is my dream
