Title: ' The Mission Trip that Shifted My Perspective'
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-mission-trip-that-shifted-my-perspective
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Skylar Davis
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'When I embarked on a trip to Haiti at the age of fifteen, I had no idea that
  what I would experience would change my view of the world forevermore. I had a bit
  of a turbulent childhood, and just hours before boarding the plane to leave America
  with my church youth group, my parents and I got in a huge debacle, which was not
  unusual. The anger I felt was on the forefront of my mind until arriving in Haiti.


  It was truly a completely different world there. I forgot about my struggles back
  home, as they certainly paled in comparison to what I was witnessing in this new
  country. We were there to help rebuild what we could, as the disastrous earthquake
  of 2010 had recently hit. We woke up early each morning in makeshift huts and used
  bottled water to brush our teeth, as the water there was not safe. The lovely local
  Haitians provided us with our meals, which we were so grateful for. Then, we would
  spend our days rebuilding the small medical centers they had there.


  All of this was a huge adjustment for me, but what struck me the most intensely
  was how full of joy and gratitude everyone there was. The kids were so enamored
  with the smallest items, such as a hair tie I had on my wrist. One child got so
  excited at the mere sight of it that I willingly gave it to him. We also would gather
  together and dance the day away without a care in the world.


  I learned something very important from the people of Haiti. They taught me how
  vital it is to be grateful for every little thing we have. So many people in America
  possess luxuries upon luxuries, yet we still haven''t grasped the concept of gratitude.
  These sweet souls had lost everything, yet were still so grateful for something
  as simple as a hair tie. They also taught me to be joyful and positive and live
  life to the fullest, despite anything else. After leaving Haiti and returning home,
  my outlook on my life and the world had completely shifted. I realized it was not
  worth it to be angry over trivial things anymore. I became a more grateful person
  and began truly living my life to the fullest extent. I will be forever grateful
  to the local Haitians for connecting me to what truly matters through my connection
  to them.'
