Title: The Burn
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-burn
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Lai-Si Lassalle
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I found myself on a bus towards San Francisco for the fist lap of my trip to
  the infamous 7 day festival in the middle of No where, Nevada. I was gifted a free
  ticket to Burning Man.  I hitched a ride from San Fran toward the desert. Once I
  felt the arid air and saw the vastness of the golden sand that stretched for miles
  I new I was close to Black Rock City. At the gate we waited in a long line for hours.
  Music blasted from every vehicle and people danced up and down the lanes, greeting
  each other and exchanging gifts. As the sun sank down behind the distant mountains
  we were let in. I was asked to the ring a bell and yell, "I'm not a virgin anymore!"
  and was made to lay on the ground to make sand angels. A tradition for every newbie.
  We drove into our camp. I threw my things to one side and decided to run toward
  the Temple with a friend I made while waiting outside, Nushin. It was her first
  time too. We couldn't contain ourselves. Like children we ran and ran under the
  stars howling at the moon. There was a bright red San Fran Trolley on wheels with
  a beautiful song blaring a declaration of Love to and from the Universe. The number
  of the Trolley 11:11. The number I have seen everywhere, for years. A sign that
  something greater is always working behind the scenes granting wishes. One of mine
  was to be there at that moment. The days past and I roamed aimlessly around gushing
  over the wonders laid out before me. The big Art Installations and crazy Art Cars
  shaped as Dragons, Viking Ships and an Octopus that shoots fire from it's tentacles.
  Fire is the main theme of the event. On Thursday the art installations burn, Friday
  the Huge replica of the Trojan Horse is set ablaze, Saturday the Man is torched
  and Sunday 50,000 people sit around in silence watching the Temple succumb to the
  flames. A temple filled with photos and dedications to those who have passed, with
  dreams, hopes and fears scribbled on it's walls. It's a healing and humbling experience.
  The burning of the horse was my favorite night. I walked towards the horse that
  glowed neon green. Lit up art cars circled the far borders and people on lit up
  bikes rode in patterns around me. The fireworks were the most brilliant I had ever
  seen. Suddenly fiery arrows pierced the horse and so began it's slow burn to the
  ground. We danced around it half naked, covered in dust, howling like animals, connecting
  with the our most basic instincts. The whole experience was wonderful and the last
  thing I expected.
