Title: The diaries of the land of an amazing.
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-diaries-of-the-land-of-an-amazing
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Mm Irshad  Hussain
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Traveling is my passion, used to dream of the beauties of nature. How the nature
  attracts the physical environment along with the human nature. The scenic resources
  produced to enlighten the perfection of sunny day and the breeze that we feel around
  freshen the space occupy by the mountains. Once I went out for camping to the highest
  peak in Dharamshala a small town in Himachal Pradesh, started climbing around 6
  o'clock till 1 am at midnight in the edges of the Mana hills near the highest peak
  Triund ranges in the northern part of India. Lastly, we missed out the route, settled
  in near by place meanwhile finding a temple nearby it . Unfortunately didn't find,
  we placed all the belongings to one place and collected all dry sticks around and
  started lightening up because to know that somebody is here. Prepared some noddles
  and boiled eggs and had it. While climbing, the villagers mentioned about the incidents
  of an attack by bears during the night at hills. Ours friends were very frightened
  and can't sleept the night even one of friends didn't make a count of closing an
  eyes once due the wind blew in the night in the hills. We heard stories a lot but
  fortunate the early crystal clear sun shining from the top of the Triund ranges
  what fascinating scenic nature showing all the possibilities the nature's God has
  instigate to stay the whole life. The environmentalist has greater way for harmonizing
  the beautiful things around and smoothly strenthening the power of beautiful edges
  of mountains. I amazed the scene how could a nature can be so gorgeous. Morning
  started finding water suddenly we found out the route to the temple and follow the
  trip. We changed the spot near pipeline to get water . Freshen up and made our breakfast.
  Taste like every thing scape the inside the mouth. We headed for long hiking and
  gather jungle raw-food materials to energized us. Climbing up to get the better
  space for reaching the higher at same time we made some foreigners from New Zealand
  near the last corner of the Mana hills. We introduced ourself and led the hiking.
  We reached the peak at around 9o'clock . The camping tent were setup and stayed
  with the smoothie breathe in the hills. Earned many environment issues how the nature
  implies us to give importance to the ecology of the surroundings. The travelling
  teaches the far away tribals society and teach the lesson to improve one another
  people in the society but impossible without hardship of travellers and geograhers
  past events.
