Title: The Inescapable Charm of Barichara at Dusk
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-inescapable-charm-of-barichara-at-dusk
SetInCountry: Colombia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Dain (Daineal)  MacLean
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'The occasional boulder, sluggish herd of cow and rock garden turned market
  dot an orange soiled dirt road. The surface of pits cause the white pick-up that
  my girlfriend Camila''s father drives along the rural Colombian farm-lined trails
  to quake underneath its tires and chassis. This is the road that leads San Gil to
  Barichara, a system of roads that if you follow long enough, leads you from the
  highly developed city Bucaramanga to the historic villages of the surrounding Santander
  Department within a two hour drive. This two hour drive is not without breakneck
  turns and close-calls passing and dipping to avoid local buses and aggressive on-coming
  traffic when trekking through ruggedly pristine Chicamocha Canyon. An introduction
  to the extreme sport loving town of San Gil is a necessary one before continuing
  on to the colonial treasure trunk of Barichara. The town of San Gil, built along
  the Rio Fonce is a lovely, small sized city with every amenity one would need. Whether
  that is a bundle of supplies for kayaking, to hike the nearby mountains or decidedly
  leap from a paragliding peak and soar above the hilly community. The roofs above
  San Gil are noticeably red-tiled and with street grid so narrow, most are forced
  to be treated only as one ways. The fable worthy entrance into the dusk-time dimness
  of sleepy and overwhelmingly gorgeous Barichara, introduces you to a sprouting Spanish-era
  cathedral and dome. Bright red flowers brush the cobblestone walls and roads, while
  yellow gas lamps illuminate shadows of myself and Camila against white walled casa
  door-fronts, as our feet click and clack below us. The Catedral de la Inmaculada
  Concepcion glows gold underneath the deep blue evening sky, dark green balconies
  emerge above restaurant entrances, also built of cobblestone; furiously hungry,
  we search for a hardy Colombian meal. Our group agrees to give an open air, villa-styled
  restaurant a try, which serves the traditional rural cuisine of Colombia, accompanied
  by freshly baked sandwich bread and classic Coca-Cola bottles. A heavy and thick
  mist or fog rolls in from the nearby Andes, filling the multi-colored diner square
  with coolness. We walk out into the night of the colonial town, a black Volkswagen
  Beetle is parked near the restaurant as we leave, classic bicycles lean against
  the walls as we walked towards Casa de Huespedes El Cogollo bed and breakfast to
  rest for the night.


  The last thing I ever expected while visiting Colombia was to time travel...'
