Title: The silence of screaming
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-silence-of-screaming
SetInCountry: Palestine
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Gloria Elicio
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Land, concrete and bullet holes. This is what Hamdan sees every single day.
  He is a special touristic guide. He doesn''t take you to museums or churches, no.
  He shows you something unique and terrible: the living conditions his family, his
  community and himself are forced to live in the refugee camp "Aida Camp", located
  in Bethlehem. Reached the camp, Hamdan welcomes us. He smiles on us, he shakes hands
  with us and introduces himself. He doesn''t look like a touristic guide. Those guides
  are usually quick, shallow and long-winded. Hamdan isn''t like that. He''s observant,
  cautious. He''s got the eyes of who have to judge people very fast. People here,
  survive thanks to this skill. We walk towards the camp. Hamdan with his crutches
  pushes himself around rather then walking, but he''s not in trouble in fact he juggles
  running kids and cars honking their horn like they were sirens with no problems.
  We''re not so good in this, we haven''t learned anything from our rush-hours.

  As we walk, he talks about his story. He talks about the disease that forced him
  into four walls for several years. His parents didn''t want to people to see him.
  What would they think about that crippled son?

  But that''s not even the story he wants to talk about. He doesn''t want to show
  us his fight to achieve the right to live a normal life. There are no heroes in
  this story, there''s no happy ending. There''s only limbo. There''s just the waiting
  of a nation that, just like him, is locked up in four reinforced concrete walls
  but, unlike him, it''s not able to reach its freedom.

  He has a break. He gives us the time to understand his words. It''s weird seeing
  him so comfortable, while he''s held up by this painted stones which are symbol
  of oppression. It''s a monstrous contradiction.

  "They arbitrarily open and close the barriers" he says "every soldier has the power
  to decide if and when let us in Jerusalem. If someone is sick and have to go to
  the hospital and the barriers are closed, then he dies".

  This is the last sentence of a tour without sculptures or the extravagances of Baroque
  architecture. We go back towards the exit of the camp. The silence is all around
  us. Hamdan doesn''t say a thing, he walks softly but it seems to me he''s screaming.
  Everything here is screaming. Drawings on walls are screaming against injustice,
  children are screaming against stolen childhood and mothers are screaming against
  their kids'' sacrifice. Everything here is screaming. But no one is listening.'
