Title: The moment that changed my life.
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-moment-that-changed-my-life
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Rebekah Floyd
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: This story is about the change that occurs in a young girl when she is exposed
  to a new environment that causes her to become more mature in only a few short months.
  When I was 15 years old I spent the summer with one of my good friends and her family
  in Denver Colorado The street lights on the ride home from the airport on that night
  in June were amazing.  However what was more amazing was the color in the city that
  I discovered that summer. The mountains filled with all that life. The rivers that
  you could run your fingers through. We spent so many days going rafting,Mountain
  climbing and hiking enjoying nature and the Sandra's friends in Denver were incredible
  they were Spanish black Asian and as white as me. I loved the diversity and the
  fact that they were all so brave and honest and true to themselves. They were artists,
  with paintbrushes, with their hands, with voices.  They were musicians and some
  were into sports and two of them were photographers. Sandra's friends who were my
  friends that summer didn't feel the need to fit in like most teenagers they were
  born to stand out and stand out they did!  The city in general was filled with compassion
  and sense of nice big leaves on the trees oh and did I forget to mention that it's
  filled with people who love their baseball!  We went on walks around the city and
  I learned something new every time we walked anywhere in this place the atmosphere
  the smell of the streets the way people thought of certain things and the fact that
  things were a little slowed down was amazing and something I learned from Denver.
  Everytime we went to Mills lake which is gorgeous there was a level of peace there
  that I can't describe and we actually called out there for three straight days camping  and
  fishing watching the stars at night and grilling fish and and packed meat over a
  huge fire and the open sky.  We stayed up playing truth and dare and talking to
  eachotber all three of those days.  Even doing something as simple as going to Applebee's
  was different in Denver because I could feel the passion and drive and compassion
  in the people all over the restaurant while I talked to all my girls.  Those were
  the days I wore shorts constantly and just stated wearing lip gloss ran around barefoot
  and would song at the top of my lungs for fun and all my Denver friends felt the
  same way. The adventures were really amazing and I'll never forget those girls.  They
  taught me about being brave and BOLD and taking chances. That is that
