Title: The hidden facts- Discover through traveling
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-hidden-facts-discover-through-traveling
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Racheal Nassimbwa
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Majestic and regal Chicago. Known as one of America's most flamboyant and glamorous
  cities. Home to ancient royal heritage, beautiful monuments, and landmarks, and
  its famous amazing architecture. In the heart of Chicago, the Bean is a lively place
  where most tourists gather to get great photoshoots and make memories. Staying in
  America for the first time, I vowed to enhance my travel passion, visiting all the
  states as much as I could. My commencement to fulfill this, I started with one of
  the re-known cities, Chicago. Excited and thrilled to start traveling the states,
  I eagerly packed my precious belongings in my small sized suitcase and headed for
  a four-day vacation to Chicago, to finally experience what I used to watch on movies,
  and couldn't find in Lansing where I currently stay. Broadening my horizons, this
  trip greatly impacted my childish African life. Early in the morning, the next day,
  I went out to tour the city, however, nothing caught my eye me that deeply. My expectations
  were ripped as they vanished into thin air. I wondered! However, as I was trying
  to alleviate my eyes, I noticed a small boy roaming around an unfinished building
  dressed in rags, and his skin was covered in dirt. A sudden jaw drop and sadness
  covered my face in shock of what I had just seen. Back in Africa, it is normal to
  see homeless people and children beg alongside the street. This was the least and
  last thing I expected to see in America. The strong wind was blowing his bare back,
  and his hard-earned tears dropped to the frozen ground below him. The feeble boy
  was extremely frail, and his bones could be seen over his tightly stretched skin.
  Astonished at what I saw, I realized the extravagance of my modern life. Satiated
  with tons of laziness and many modern machines, I truly began to appreciate the
  small things in life. The sullen gloomy atmosphere seemed to lurk around this area
  in the loop of Chicago, where children walked through the streets naked because
  they could not afford any clothes. In different parts of the world, there are people
  out there who have to beg for a small morsel of food, suffer to get clothing and
  medical attention. I began to feel a sense of gratitude towards my parents and God
  for enriching me with many blessings. This also broadened my desire for traveling
  and adventure because, you get to experience, observe and understand every part
  of the world in reality. This incident captivated my heart and I feel in debt to
  help such people.
