Title: The Last Sunrise
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-last-sunrise
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Sayak Das
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Well people now a days have started to become more of an adventure seeker.
  But I can tell you its not that easy. Yeah things might look very picturesque and
  thrilling but everything looks fascinating from behind a screen. Doesn''t it ?I
  can tell this because I was one such guy who thought living life at the edge was
  a cool affair. I found how hard it was when I recently trekked a 3800 meter summit
  in the winters. Oh hell, cool it was and it was definitely not in the literal sense
  of it.

  Himalayas are cold all over the year and they get pathetically chilling in the winters.
  It was a December night and it was the last day of our 5 days trek to the Kedarkantha.
  A staggering 12,500 ft of a giant with a thick covering of snow was our target.
  It was the early night of 31st December 2017 and temperatures were 10 degrees below
  the freezing point. We were a group of four plus our guide who happened to be a
  boy of just 16 years old. "My legs are freezing and I think I am getting sick" Riddhi
  uttered from behind the tent. I said him to not go sleeping, because it was dead
  cold and once you get inside the sleeping bag, getting out is as hard a job as climbing
  the peak. I and four others were all by the fire we lit to prepare food and to get
  warm. All of us was regretting our decision to come to this utterly cold place at
  that time of the year, but no one uttered a single word until then.The only good
  decision we made was to light the fire.That was keeping up that spirit alive.Half
  an hour later we managed to inspire Riddhi to go with us. It was 2am at the night
  as we grabbed our stick and our flash lights to start the ascend. We had to reach
  the summit by the morning to see the sunrise from up there. People said it was magical.

  There was knee deep of snow and it was very steep.We were going through a test of
  our physical and our mental ability. Taking every step looked like walking a mile.
  It was tiring and we had three kilometers to go until the top. We were panting hard
  and maybe after a kilometer, the strong cold winds started hitting our faces. Our
  face that was the only thing we left uncovered. Sukhdev, our 16 year old guide said
  a million times to head back to our tents if we felt uneasy, but we had to see that
  magical sunrise everyone talked about. We slipped, fell, got hurt, but we did not
  give up. I realized a thing that day. Its all about the mind. It was the last sunrise
  of 2017 and we were there to see it. It was -17 degrees and it was Spellbinding.'
