Title: 'The secret diary of 36 yr old single backpacker '
DateModified: '2018-02-05'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-secret-diary-of-36-yr-old-single-backpacker
SetInCountry: New Zealand
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Victoria  Fancourt
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'My story includes a woman (true story) named victoria who is 36 years old,  who
  embarks on a soul-discovering,  spiritual adventure around the world.  Victorias
  failed relationship which broke her heart came to an end she decided to walk away,
  not because she didn''t love him, but because she belived she deserved better. He
  cheated on her and betrayed her In a terrible way.

  So she packs her bags and decides to  travel through Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam
  & New Zealand (alone)  Victoria  soon experiences a pattern of spirtual guidance
  & feels a deep connection with the universe around her.  As Victoria travels and
  faces, face-to-face with her true self ,  she  triumphs through her failures, &
  this solo traveller soon becomes aware there''s larger things at work here. Each
  person she meets has a story to tell which completes her questions.. she was meant
  to be on this journey & Victoria experiences everything from romance, heartache
  , spirtual awakening & the loss of her older brother ,Lee who killed himself while
  she was in Auckland airport..  Victorias heart had broken & as her knees crumbled
  beneath her and her tears of pain strolled down her cheeks but somehow  she made
  a decision to  carry on her journey, somehow she manages to find her self through
  faith , spirituality & of course meditation in the jungle & the moutains of Thailand..  This
  journey of victorias will make you laugh, cry & fill your heart with hope and joy.
  Victoria has a beautuful soul  and always puts everyone else first but something
  inside of her was urging her to continue her journey till the bitter end. (Or at
  least until her beloved brothers funeral date  was announced ) victoria  finds being
  wrapped around nature or living with the monks at angker-wot in Cambodia refreshing
  and life changing.. Her problems with men and attracting narracists men into her
  life had to stop , she must break the pattern and feels in her heart the answer
  is within her and is determinded to reach deep inside and change her life around..
  Her problems  stems from her very disturbed & troubled  childhood.. Will Victoria
  find herself amongst the jungle in Thailand or the temples in Cambodia or even the
  beautuful north of newzealand?   & will she discover who she really is and what
  she really wants out of life before it''s too late?.  She must face her fears &
  mend her broken heart even more  now her brother Lee suddenly out of nowhere kills
  himself and was found in the woods in his car.. what will Victoria do???'
