Title: 'The Redhead Who Speaks Punjabi '
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-redhead-who-speaks-punjabi
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: shannon roche
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'The train pulls into Amritsar around ten at night. There''s supposed to be
  a driver waiting for us, and he''s nowhere to be found. So there we are: two fair
  skinned, light eyed, redheads standing by ourselves in a dirty, rundown, foreign
  train station. There are no other women in sight, but men lurk everywhere. We''re
  instantly bombarded by them and their broken English. I can barely hear English
  due to my hearing problem so I am of no use in situations like these except for
  the fact that I''m defensively gripping my pepper spray in my pocket.  Unlock. Finger
  on the trigger. Meanwhile, in the mind next to me, my friend is as unalarmed as
  say an irritated school teacher in front of a rowdy classroom. She whips out her
  Indian phone and starts talking to our lost driver in a loud, authoritative voice,
  completely ignoring the crowd we''re drawing. She hangs up the phone, looks at the
  men, and suddenly breaks out in full Punjabi!! Startled by the unexpected twist
  to the language barrier, the men back off, a little.  This older man approaches
  us. He offers to explain to the lost driver where we are and motions for us to follow
  him. I do, thinking she is too when I turn back to find what looks like my worst
  nightmare. My friend has now been surrounded by about six men. She''s back on the
  phone now speaking in Punjabi to the driver. Her voice is still strong, and she''s
  actually giving off an "annoyed" energy to the men who are literally inches from
  her. I drop my bag and start playing out all sorts of wild scenarios like... Okay,
  the guy on the right is small enough to get a good kick in, I can mace the two closest
  to me, but the guy in the middle''s like 6 feet and muscular. Shit, we''re fucked!  The
  older man, she calls Uncleji sees this and walks back as well. He gets in the middle
  of the men and now I''m thinking, "shit he''s on their side!" What side is that?
  I have no idea. My mind has gone haywire with speculation and accusations at this
  point. Uncleji leads us to a bench that''s a little more out in the open and sits
  a couple seats away. He continues to wait and watch until our driver comes and we
  are safe.  My friend explains to me that this what will happen everywhere. Men will
  always rush up to us and try to offer us rides. It''s so interesting how that whole
  experience played out and my interpretation of it vs.my friend''s vs. Uncleji''s.
  Same event, worlds of a difference in thoughts, emotions, and triggers. We will
  not be traveling by train at night anymore.'
