Title: The power of naps
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-power-of-naps
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Cecile LEFEVRE
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'I had so many incredible experiences in the south of Spain, in this paradise
  called Andalusia, like seeing a crystal clear water everyday, enjoying the taste
  of unknown fishes, and even trying a local cocktail which is a mix of red wine and
  orange soda (back in France, it''s almost a crime if you try to mix wine with anything)!

  But the last thing I expected by having a volunteering experience in a hostel in
  Andalusia was that, while in the rest of Europe the 13:00 to 17:00 time slot is
  the most active one, a whole country would be on hold...to sleep!


  It really feels like someone took a remote control and pressed the "Pause" button.
  Nobody is walking in the streets, all shops are closed and you can see everywhere
  a sign saying "Opening again at 17:00". On the first place, you can be surprised
  and ask to the owner of the grocery next door if he had an emergency that forced
  him to close his shop, but he is going to stare at you as if you were an alien and
  say "No, it was siesta time" (which means "nap time").


  The weather in Andalusia is so nice that you spend most of the time outside. You
  can stay for hours on the beach, visit the typical white villages, or even hike
  in the Sierra Nevada mountains. But the sun can be very strong, especially during
  summer. When the night comes, you can enjoy tapas bars without having to worry about
  sleeping early...because you will be able to take a nap on the following afternoon,
  as anyway everything will be closed, except for your bed! And hostels, obviously.


  I''m not saying that Spanish people are lazy, they actually work a lot for a low
  salary, but they understood how to live accordingly to the specific weather conditions
  they have, while still getting things done. They work earlier in the morning or
  later in the evening, when the sun is not too strong...and in between, they sleep!
  It''s actually clever to officially admit that the strong heat doesn''t allow you
  to do many things,and take the chance to sleep !


  When you live and work in a hostel, you can have so many surprises! Good ones, like
  meeting people who inspire you with their way of living and become some of your
  closest friends...but you can also have kind of bad surprises. For example, going
  to the supermarket to buy something urgently missing for the hostel, and find it
  closed because it''s "siesta time" !


  Most of all, it made me realize that human beings shouldn''t actually try to control
  the planet like they usually do, but adapt to what it has to offer!'
