Title: The Secret Valley
DateModified: '2018-02-13'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-secret-valley
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: David Thomson
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'Within my memory, and I am not so old, there remained places, hidden deep in
  the Scottish Highlands, where the old magic, secretly clinging to the fringes of
  the world, could still be glimpsed by those able to cast their gaze in a particular
  light.

  I had met Mhairi a world away, and she brought me here, to the village of her birth.

  A few miles on from the house up a single-track road, her Grandma guided us into
  a tiny patch of the old forest hiding in a little valley carved out by a burn that
  ran off the moorland beyond. We followed an overgrown path along the bank, obscured
  by knee-high heather tangled between overarching trees. Sparse clouds, retreating
  across the sky, were split by a grand, bare, craggy mountain, keeping its silent
  watch over the village. A warm sun beat down on our backs, dragonflies buzzed over
  deep pools of hiding trout. Tumbling water sparkled in the gorse perfumed air, alive
  with birdsong. Clear, crisp and clean, the young stream bubbled playfully through
  the antique forest, careless in its rush for the sea.

  We emerged onto the boggy moorland above, bordered by the feet of the Wandering
  Hills; enigmatic mountains, jutting above the horizon. Dotted by outcrops of rock,
  the very bones of the earth were exposed in this most ancient of hinterlands. The
  sea to the west, scattered with islands, was patched with light; sunbeams lancing
  through dispersing clouds.

  We followed a spine of primal rock deep into the moor, then descending by a treacherous
  path, pitted and rucked. Through a maze of marshes, she led us, winding her way
  unerring around the cloying bogs.  We bridged deep, turbid peat burns with planks
  pulled from secret spots; the freezing torrent beneath was silent, swift and black
  as pitch.

  Suddenly, over a rise and out of sight, emerged a slow shallow burn cradled in a
  green hollow.  Sheltered on three sides, the valley gazed down at that string of
  gems scattered on the western sea.  The sun filled the air and a languid shroud
  slowed my heart and quiet filled my mind.

  And then I saw! Bordered by neatly trimmed grass abutting the water, houses of stone
  for the little folk! A whole village nestled by the edge of the water. Dozens of
  houses, none more than three inches high, known by few, but tended by countless
  generations.

  Here dwelt the soul of that place. The old magic, peering out at the world from
  that secret fairy dell.

  Culture sits in places, alive with myth and longing, reaching down through time,
  begetting soul with soul.'
