Title: The magic of seeing snow for the first time
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-magic-of-seeing-snow-for-the-first-time
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Jonathan Fenile de Castro
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'It was early Spring in Germany and I had just started a bike trip with my brother
  and my mother.  We chose the date to avoid the cold weather, but we''d soon find
  out how wrong our calculations were. Being Brazilians and having never left the
  country before, seeing snow for the first time was not in our plans for the trip
  but it did happened. We were in Augsburg, in south Germany, trying to buy some apparel
  to help me with the killing cold weather that caught us. It turned out to be a holiday
  in Germany and there was none open shop, so we had to take a train to the next city
  in order to keep in schedule. The train station was mildly crowded but we could
  get the tickets and wait for the train without trouble, that''s when magic happened.
  As we were standing by our bikes on the street outside the station, the tiny white
  flakes of ice started to fall unannounced over our heads. There was nothing else
  we could do but smile, take off our gloves and open our arms to properly welcome
  that rain of joy and feel its tickles on our skin making it even harder to stop
  laughing.

  For the Germans who saw that, we might have been lunatics, no doubt about it. Inside
  the train, we passed by fields completely whitened by the snow and couldn''t hold
  our excitement. Some Asian folks in the car were even more excited than ourselves
  and, in that instant, despite not understanding each other''s language, our shared
  feelings provided us a unique connection I had never felt before. Neither the laughs
  of some guys watching us were able to destroy that moment. It actually enhanced
  its magic. They couldn''t experience what we were feeling. The absurdity of having
  tiny little pieces of ice falling from the sky had vanished for them, it became
  very much common.

  The train trip ended sooner than we expected and the arrival presented us with good
  and bad surprises. We had to ride under snow weather for the first time and the
  cold was very painful for me. Also, my poor navigation abilities got us lost for
  a while. Later on, we were greatly rewarded by that as we crossed some woods in
  which we encountered fairy tale houses with wooden fences and pine trees filled
  with snow, and I couldn''t help myself and cried on the sight. Finally, when we
  arrived at the hotel, we found this beautiful huge lake in front of it, with lots
  of trees on the other side. After a day like this, I can definitely say that fantasy
  is real. Life gives us fantastic events all the time, all we have to do is go look
  around.'
