Title: The Same Treatment
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-same-treatment
SetInCountry: Trinidad & Tobago
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Natalia Gomez
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'On this island, so far South that on clear days that they say you can see Venezuela,
  birds make nests on the mountain sides that look like woven baskets. Trinidad &
  Tobago has lush jungles amidst the industrialized backdrop of Port of Spain. A hike
  to some waterfalls in the Escambray mountains had been organized. Our guide effortlessly
  swayed through the bush asking that we stay close behind. At one point he stopped,
  and with his machete sliced a long woody vine and offered us the liquid that came
  pouring out. How could I know that at that moment my senses would be gifted with
  the most aromatic, floral water I have and will ever taste?


  Aside from the memory of that moment of heavenly hydration, I had gained another
  souvenir from that trek. Days later my left eye was severely irritated. After a
  barrage of home remedies from aloe to the juice of a rose apple, a trip to the optician
  revealed an urgent need to have the doctor at the hospital look at my eye. A couple
  of hours later, there I was surrounded by about 7 doctors and medical students all
  taking turns prodding my eye. It turned out I somehow had microscopic fungus land
  in my eye, yes, I had a mushroom growing on my eyeball.


  The team of doctors quickly proclaimed that there was a chance my vision could be
  lost, depending on the scarring left behind, and that they would have to admit me
  to ensure treatment was successful. Breaking out in tears I proclaimed that I had
  no money, I had spent everything just to be there. They all laughed in unison, as
  the doctor smiled and assured me that it would be no cost to me, healthcare was
  free in Trinidad!


  The ward was one long room with beds on both sides every few feet. The freezing
  sterile hospitals from home came to my mind as I was led to my bed. Here there was
  no air-conditioning, instead open windows and fans that made the curtains around
  the beds flutter. There weren''t monitors beeping, just low moans and the hushed
  tones of visitors and nurses. Settling in having been left with only the clothes
  I was wearing, this would be my vacation for the next couple of days.


  Nurses came and went with drops every 2 hours and trays of corn soup with shadem
  benny. Two weeks later, back in NYC, the doctor told my mother that they had saved
  my vision, there at the free hospital in Trinidad where the medical staff laughed
  at my fear of not being able to afford treatment. They had administered the exact
  same medicine I would have received at Columbia University Hospital.'
