Title: The mark of hesitant traveler
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-mark-of-hesitant-traveler
SetInCountry: Nepal
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Richa Rana
AuthorCountry: Nepal
Text: 'In 2008, it was announced in our class that we would go on a trip to hike from
  Sundarijal to Shivapuri hill. Despite being hesitant at first I was abroad because
  our teacher promised us that we would definitely see snow on our way to the trip.
  Since I had never see snow in my life I knew I couldn''t let this opportunity pass
  by and hence was very excited about the trip.

  When we gathered in college it was sad to see not many student and in fact only
  one more girl apart from me had shown up to the trip. After we boarded to the bus
  we made a rest stop at Sundarijal where we had our breakfast and met up with two
  guides who would lead us to our lodge in Shivapuri Hill.

  As we moved towards our way I saw an uphill trail known as Nangi Gompa which looked
  overwhelming. I asked the guides how long were the trail and they assured me it
  wasn''t long and we would probably be there by an hour or less. But of course that
  wasn''t true. As I walked more I felt the way was infinite and felt the trail has
  magically expanded. After a while we did take some rest where I saw local mothers
  walking swiftly holding their baby with ease to the uphill. This motivated me too
  to continue to our way and we began the trail again. The trail had most amazing
  scenes of greenery and terrains where the cutest and healthiest goats I had ever
  seen were grazing. Despite my fatigue the startling view was something which encouraged
  me to move on despite seeing no snow around. Finally after a further distance, I
  saw group of my classmate playing up frozen up remains of snow which must be residue
  of snow that must happened few days ago. Still we decided to enjoy whatever snow
  we got a chance to come across and played with it by throwing it to each other and
  even performing karate chops on glass of ice sheets we found there.

  After a while we found we were lagging behind from our core hiking group team so
  we hurried our way to catch up to them. After we met up with them we told them about
  our experience and they seemed to glad as they were worried about us. Not very long
  ago there were rumors of human remains probably of a female being found in Shivapuri
  National park nearby. Perhaps this was the reason why not many people especially
  girls had shown up for the trip that day.

  As we finally reached Shivapuri hill to our lodge we ate heartily and left to sleep.
  Before sleeping as I washed my legs, I saw a mark on my feet probably because of
  extreme walking- a mark which remains with me till today.'
