Title: The Blessing of a Song
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-blessing-of-a-song
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Tina Sarafa
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Six years ago, we lost a child to severe mental illness. The details are still
  too painful, but emotionally and physically I fell apart. My bucket list trip was
  visiting Antarctica. On my birthday four years ago my husband surprised me with
  a card with penguins on the cover and the details of our expedition. It wouldn't
  ease my pain but he knew it was my dream and I so appreciated the gesture and level
  of love and compassion.  As it turned out 6 months prior to our departure I developed
  horrible vertigo and migraines and ended up hospitalized. My neurologist said I
  wouldn't be a good candidate for  the dreaded Drake Passage. Another heartbreak,
  we canceled.  Fast forward to December 2017, and I was well physically and after
  much therapy and support was healthy emotionally too. We boarded our boat in Ushuaia
  and headed to the lounge for a glass of champagne to toast our journey. I was still
  terrified of the Drake as my vertigo still flares up from time to time and a rough
  passage would be awful for me. The first song we heard from the lounge singer was
  my father's favorite song from Porter Wagner, "The Green Green Grass of Home." Its
  an old song. rarely played, from 1965. I knew at that moment my Papa had kissed  our
  trip and we would get the Drake Lake! We did indeed on both legs and had the most
  beautiful weather and made every landing! Even the crew joked heaven blessed our
  cruise. I cried when we arrived on the continent. The beauty is other worldly. The
  English language doesn't have words to describe a place so majestic. The icebergs,
  penguins, humpback whales, orcas, and seals brought delight, joy and excitement
  every day we were there. It is nature at her best. A whole continent devoted to
  peace and science, and yet we are harming her. The world has to wake up before we
  lose this place of intense beauty with such incredible wild life. I hardly slept
  on the cruise because I never wanted to stop looking out our windows. Each new ice
  berg was a different shape, captured different colors, and you never knew if a whale
  might breech to say hello. I hope I live long enough and can save enough money to
  return one day. I thought it was a bucket list trip and I would be done. But Antarctica
  is in my heart and I am aching to return. The trip was beyond perfect and I am convinced
  it was Papa's blessing. The moment I heard his song I knew I was going to be ok.
  That our passage and adventure would be the trip of a lifetime. His song was everything
  to our voyage!
