Title: the power of a culture
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-power-of-a-culture
SetInCountry: Taiwan
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Luisa Litwak
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'It''s a little bit hard to express in just 2500 characters 45 days of adventure.
  When i decide to go to Taiwan the last thing that i was expecting was a country
  with a great deal of knowledge, history and culture. Let''s fry the word "culture",
  what is culture? according to the dictionary "culture is a complex that includes
  knowledge, art, beliefs, law, morals, customs and all the habits and aptitudes acquired
  by human being" ok, a lot of things, but for me culture is a way to show to other
  people your own life style. but why? i can tell why telling a little bit about what
  i found in Taiwan.

  Night markets. A good way to see taiwanese culture. Taiwan is very famous for their
  night markets, and now i understand why. I had been in the most famous night markets
  in Taiwan, and you want to know what i found there? guess... yes, culture! Ok, you
  must be thinking that there are a lot of stores selling clothes, shoes, bags, jewels,
  makeup, and that stuff, but you want to know how you can find the original culture?
  by the food! i tried the most stranger foods in my hole life, but was the most interesting
  thing that i ever tried. every piece of food that i put on my mouth was a different
  feeling that i had. Separating food for me wasn''t a very acceptable idea, but with
  taiwanese people i learned that separating food makes you enjoy more the moment,
  you feel every explosion of flavor of each piece of food you eat.

  Talking about how to get to these night markets i can talk a little bit about transportation
  in Taiwan. in two weeks there i was really feeling like a local. Some of you must
  be thinking that is very difficult to walk in Taiwan withou chinese language, but
  surprise! i don''t speak mandarim, and i was getting along very well walking by
  the taiwan subways alone. But there is one thing that i want to congratulate, Taiwanese
  people. Many should think that Asians are known to be cold and without feeling,
  but you know, i wanted everyone to be cold and unfeeling like taiwanese people.
  If i got lost and found myself it was thanks to them. If i''m alergic to something
  and i didn''t go to the hospital for not having eaten it was thanks to them. If
  i didn''t know an interesting place to go and i went to the mountainf called Jiunfen
  that looks like the one from the movie "spirited away" it was thanks to them, so
  i just have to thank for being so cold and without feeling that made me have an
  incredible and unforgettable trip.'
