Title: The Man Who Wants To Bring You To Places
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-man-who-wants-to-bring-you-to-places
SetInCountry: Malaysia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Elina Zusevica
AuthorCountry: Latvia
Text: 'It was one of those times when winter was slowly covering Europe and one of
  those times when I needed to escape that by all means. At that time being in Budapest,
  I checked all the next flights heading somewhere warm, preferably with palm trees
  and fresh coconuts.  2 days later one-way ticket brings me to Malaysia . Nothing
  better than having a farewell to my boots and setting my feet free. Kuala Lumpur
  is overwhelming, with its noises, smells and all the buzz around. Especially just
  coming from Budapest and it''s calming thermal baths. But, oh, so exciting!  I head
  out straight for a wander. My usual travel style is to get out and get lost and
  see what happens. So I did. I ended up at these crossroads, full of people, full
  of lights, full of shops, once again, overwhelming. But I love it! So, I''m standing
  there, thinking where next. Most of my life decisions consist of: "Do I want to
  go left or right, or shall I keep on going straight?" Usually I follow the sun but
  in this case, it was a late evening, no moon to follow either. Then this lovely
  man approaches me and asks if I''m lost and if I need some help. I thanked him,
  said I''m just exploring. He asked what brings me here, where am I from and all
  the other little get to know questions. Then he looks at the time, looks at me and
  says: "Come!" and starts quickly heading somewhere. I thought why not, usually "why
  not policy" brings me to beautiful places so I was curious where this would end.
  He doesn''t say anything, we''re just going through these tunnels, crossing these
  busy streets, almost running but finding enough breath to keep a flowing conversation.
  We started slowing down, he looked at the time again and did that accomplishment
  smile. He starts looking around, finds some stairs and we sit down on one of the
  steps. I still don''t really know what this is all about but, hey, why shouldn''t
  I sit on some random steps with a random Malaysian man who tells me all these fascinating
  stories. We keep on talking, it''s been a while since I have met someone so passioned
  about his country. He tells me about his family, politics, economy, school system,
  oh, yes, and of course about food. And then he goes silent, this beautiful music
  appears, lights and a fountain. He brought me to a Musical fountain, and just in
  time. He was just sitting there and smiling. Yes, it wasn''t anything new for me
  but just seeing how happy he was, how proud and how much he wanted to show it to
  me was all it mattered.'
