Title: The Wisdom of Questions
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-wisdom-of-questions
SetInCountry: Ghana
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Katinka Inger
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: '"How does this work?", Joseph asks, pointing at my phone, "How is it possible
  to talk to someone that is in the other village?". I am confident in using a phone,
  but now I am struck by the thought that I also don''t know how it works. And amazed
  by the wonders of technology that I am privileged to use. I am sitting under a thatch
  roof in between clay huts that belong to a big Ghanaian family. Chicken are running
  around, a group of people are preparing food I don''t know on an open fire. The
  woman I came to see is part of this family. I''m waiting for her, we had arranged
  to meet at her pottery, but now her daughter is giving birth in the hospital of
  the neighboring village. I called her, hence the remark of the farmer, and she told
  me to wait, she would be there soon. That leaves me with the man that I asked for
  the way when I came here. Instead of telling me where to go, he accompanied me.
  It''s not the first time, I noticed that people like to walk you places here. I
  decided to trust him - suspicion is my constant companion in unknown situation,
  a fellow I have cursed and appreciated equally in the past. But I have learned to
  decide on trusting people or situations, it makes life more fun. I have also learned
  to be patient, time has a different meaning here. So I wait, with Joseph sitting
  next to me, asking me questions that shake my belief system. Joseph had to work
  early, he couldn''t attend school for long. He worked as a mechanic until he fell
  from a ladder, now he is growing mangoes and pineapples but his harvest isn''t good
  yet. He wants people from Germany to come to the village and teach their language
  and mechanics skills because he sees a better future for the children in Europe.
  He asks me about my opinion on education. He asks me about the good in believing.
  He is the first person I met in Ghana that is questioning their faith. Joseph has
  graying hair and his walk is lopsided. He is still carrying the machete he used
  on his plantation. His appearance is contrasting the innocent questions he asks,
  but his age shows in the way he can listen attentively to my attempts of answering
  them. Religion, he says, is not actually making people better. He knows people that
  do bad things and every week they confess and go on continuing their business. This
  topic has been difficult for me here because I don''t believe, contrary to most
  Ghanaians that have a strong faith. But Joseph and I talk about the values behind
  faith, and for the first time I feel understood.'
