Title: The gravity works
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-gravity-works
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Pawandeep Kaur
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I was having a tedious lifestyle in the last few months until my cousin told
  me about a Gurudwara Sahib in the hills. This Gurudwara is situated in a village
  called Logarh in the state of Haryana,India. My family was keen on going there because
  it is assumed that whatever a person prays there for his/her wish comes true.  I
  also became zealous after knowing about it's location and the assumption. I went
  there on  3/11/16 with my cousin. The moment I reached Logarh I saw the breathtaking
  surroundings.  It was a tiny Gurudwara on the bank of a river with hills on three
  sides. First we went in the gurudwara and knelt before the gurugranth sahib. After
  we completed all the rituals the priest told us about the place of worship on the
  hill top. The adventure was that we had to go up a hill on foot.  It was a kind
  of tracking but the twist was that as we were going to worship there my cousin asked
  us to travel with bare feet. I didn't question him because I thought that he knew
  what he was talking as he had gone there once before. This was a mission for me
  as it was the first time I was doing tracking. I took the plunge, removed my shoes
  and initiated my journey .  While I was going up I was not able to appreciate the
  environment around me as much I was able to on my way down because no one told me
  that I had to cross three hills to reach my destination. It was nerve racking for
  me.  What made it worse was that the path was virgin.  It was not constructed.  We
  had to use our hands and all of our strength at places in order to move forward.
  As soon as I reached up the hard work turned to be worthwhile, the large acres of
  fields seemed to be little blocks from up above. I could see mountains with icy
  peaks on one side and hills made up of red rocks on one.  I just sat on the edge
  there and enjoyed the cool breeze. I was mesmerized by the view. My exhaustion vanished
  away in no time. While going back it was a walk in a park due to gravity.  My mind
  was fresh, i started to hear the chirping of the birds and the rattling of the leaves
  that I ignored before. I was in heaven.  At few places the path was covered with
  red and brown colored leaves. We went straight to the river with hot tea, making
  our way over the half submerged rocks. I dipped my feet into the river, the feeling
  of water flowing above my feet and continuous rhythmic sound of water currents soothed
  me. I was taken aback by the scenic beauty.The experience got engraved on my mind
  and heart forever.
