Title: The Shanghai Snake
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-shanghai-snake
SetInCountry: China
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Natasha Easey
AuthorCountry: New Zealand
Text: 'Shanghai, China. There was smog, busy people, not a single foreigner in sight
  and my cousin. Natalie is a teacher; a really good teacher. She loves travel as
  much as me and had settled in Shanghai to teach, so I decided to visit. My first
  interaction with a local was peculiar to say the least. They were offering cabs
  to us at a discounted price (which I thought Natalie would jump at) but instead
  we hurriedly walked past with a stern but polite ''no thank you''. Natalie drags
  me to a different cab and explains that as a foreigner I need to be careful as the
  locals may try take advantage of my naivity. I realised she was absolutely right;
  I am an extremely naive person. I just want to make friends and so I do get fooled
  easily. This was my initial introduction to Shanghai, the city that would play me.


  Natalie worked during the day so I was left to my own devices until she finished
  work. I looked up local activities but decided to simply stroll around the city
  to start. I made my way through high-end shops, restaurants and markets. I gradually
  found my way into the backstreets and ended up in a tattoo parlor. The parlor was
  very welcoming and possessed a sort-of british pub vibe with brick walls and polished,
  wooden floors. I befriended a young man who worked there and had a pint with him.
  He was great to chat to and soon offered some "Chinese wine". I agreed, feeling
  a certian sense of security. He came back with a shot glass of what looked like
  water. I took a sip and suddenly felt a wave come over me. It was the liquid I had
  swallowed. Hot and cold at the same time spreading down my throat but also up into
  my head. I was surprised at the feeling but not alarmed... until he pulled out the
  jar. "Ta-daa" he said as I gawked at its contents. Two snakes and a starfish sat
  in the jar of clear liquid. I drank snake wine; I was going to die in a tattoo parlor
  in the backstreets of Shanghai.


  "The ethanol ratio to poison needs to be exact otherwise the ethanol will not counter
  the effects of the poison..." I read online after the ordeal. This was my first
  memory of Shanghai: how my naive, foreign self could not handle the bizarre, local
  delicacy that is ''Raw Shanghai''. Throughout the rest of my trip I made friends,
  I haggled, I learnt to say ''you are beautiful/handsome'' and used it as often as
  I could to see people smile and to laugh with them. I did not expect to drink snake
  venom and I don''t think I will again. Shangahi, however, I think I''ll do again.'
