Title: The Serpent Connection
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-serpent-connection
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sinead Sadler
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'Connections breathe life into traveling adventures. Naturally, unexplored places
  bring unfamiliar faces and passers by.  Yet many remain just as that - anonymous.
  Occasionally as though by some greater force, your path gets pulled into the destiny
  of another and the magic unfolds through no doing of your own. Often that one encounter
  is worth more than the hundred pleasantries you could have exchanged with the rest.


  Exploring dense, exotic jungles has always appealed to me. A stark contrast to the
  not-so-exotic British Isles. On a humid, summers day in the Amazon I decided to
  go for a hike. Hiking has always been a passion of mine and rarely felt in danger
  while doing so. We set out with the Sun beating down and passed an array of trees
  and fauna dancing in different shades of green. Everything seemed so serene as we
  carried on over the river and waterfalls until a horrendously, intense pain hit
  my lower leg. Something swooshed past me with a tail and scurried into the undergrowth.
  My heart was pounding with fear! I rushed over to be greeted by a beautiful yet
  deadly viper snake; its fangs and eyes staring with grimace at me waiting to lunge
  again.


  Panic was the first reaction and screaming. I knew it was deadly! My partner sucked
  out the venom from the wound. Being an hour walk from the hospital I knew I''d have
  to maintain calm for the venom to stay where it was. We briskly walked to the hospital
  in a state of shock while I sang and prayed that this would not be my final hours.
  What would my family think? My friends? There was too much I had to do before saying
  goodbye...


  Following that incident I spent two days in hospital on anti-venom before being
  released. However, the after-care to such a savage venom is a delicate procedure.
  I could be prone to infection at any cost and had no idea on how to proceed. An
  angel; a chance local encounter in the park after just leaving hospital. He had
  learned to heal bites from his mother, a renowned local healer. He instructed that
  he would treat me free of charge if I followed the requirements. From that moment
  on, he visited me everyday without fail for over a month to give me treatments.
  I had a miraculous recovery, got a crash course in herbal medicines and made a lifelong
  local friend! Sometimes you never know who might show up in your life or what might
  happen, but you''ve just to be thankful for all of it. Next time you have a random
  encounter; remember it might be for a reason.'
