Title: The Day I Met Myself On The Panamericana
DateModified: '2018-02-24'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-day-i-met-myself-on-the-panamericana
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: "Miku Sophie K\xFChmel"
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'It happened just at the beginning of a new day, the sky white, blurry, an idea
  of blue and pink breaking at the horizon. The landscape a dark brown and red, rough,
  rocky as it had been for the last hours I had spent looking out the window from
  my seat on this bus, falling in and out of sleep now and again.


  Peru had been the biggest adventure of my life. It had been a lot of first times
  for me. The first flight overseas with three different planes, first time actually
  speaking another language but german or english, first time loosing my luggage,
  first time filling out Spanish forms in the middle of the night to reclaim my backpack
  at some point, hopefully. First night spent in the never silent, always chirpy jungle,
  hugging a sloth, fishing for Piranhas, floating on the Amazon. First time having
  the luggage delivered to a totally off lodge in the rain forest after five days
  of wearing the same clothes (and borrowing a shirt form my guide).


  I had traveled through the whole long and slender country, met people from all over
  the world and of course a couple from my small east-german hometown when I was near
  Lake Titicaca.


  And then, there I was, doing something I had done a million times before: riding
  the bus. Of course it was not the german Autobahn beneath us. No, I was in South
  America, on the famous Panamericana, sitting in a outrageously comfortable chair
  because I was traveling first class (first time, again). There had been a shameful
  moment of me demanding my seat from an elder Peruvian before realizing I had spent
  double the prize he had and also had double the space down here.


  I was riding back from Cusco, the center of the former Inca kingdom, to Lima, the
  new, dirty, loud, always foggy capital. Seeing the ever changing country, mountains,
  dessert, coast, all of them feeling eternal but still sliding by, reflecting only
  half-conscious about the incredible time I had had, I remembered all the things
  I had left at home. Degree, relationship, family issues, all the doubts I usually
  have about myself every day. All the reasons for being sad, nervous, anxious and
  depressed. From were I was now, alone with the ever rumbling sound of the bus and
  the horizon flushing brighter and brighter, all of that looked small. Manageable.
  By the sheer distance from my own life, I came closer to myself. And ever since
  that morning the Panamericana my highest and most important thought has always been:
  Everything''s gonna to be alright.'
