Title: 'The Mancunian, the Forest and the Camper van '
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-mancunian-the-forest-and-the-camper-van
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: James Goodwin
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: I had never experienced camping until last summer when my girlfriend and I took
  a derelict camper van into the wilds of Cheshire. Ahead of us lay a long weekend
  of tinned food, lacklustre sleep and cold campsite showers but with our twenty three
  horse powered steed beneath us and reliable Bruce Springsteen in our ears we charged
  on. After a three hour haul across mountainous hills and ravine like potholes, no
  thanks to our almost none existent suspension, we finally made it to Delamere Forest.
  Quaint doesn't quite describe the small campsite situated in Delamere, no the words
  minimal and baron do a much better job. A sign upon our arrival quickly laid out
  the rules that had to be followed during our stay. NO BALL GAMES, NO FIRES, NO EXCESSIVE
  NOISE and NO FUN were just a few commandments that were in forced the middle aged
  site manager and his three legged sheep dog. We pitched up on our marked out gravel
  patch and the first thing we noticed were the almost awe inspiring pine trees the
  towered all around us. We were but ants in their presence, this was their land and
  they had no problem reminding us of that fact for the entire weekend. Having arrived
  later than expected our first meal was in fact our dinner; a one course banquet
  of tinned chilli and boil in the bag rice, but university had made me accustomed
  to such delicacies. A curfew was in effect and a wave of silence flooded over us
  all, conversations came as whisper but there was so much more to be heard. The pines
  conversed with each other as the wind whistled through the forest and cicadas seemed
  to ponder life, the universe and everything as my girlfriend and I lay on our gravel
  pitch watching the stars light their blackened canvas. The last thing this wandering
  Mancunian was expecting was to be trading stories with the owner of a lost little
  pub by a fallen pine. The owner Harry and his wife Lauren were surprised that my
  girlfriend and I were not the 105th group of rambling octogenarians of the day,
  but rather a young couple willing to share a meal and buy some drinks. As my girlfriend
  sat by the fire stroking Harry's chocolater labrador I asked him why here, why set
  up shop in the middle of nowhere? His answer was quick and simple, he chose this
  spot because of the isolation. It wasn't great for his profits but it was worth
  it for the stories he heard. The last thing I was expecting was to be sharing roast
  mutton paired with glenmorangie in the middle of a forest on my little camping trip.
