Title: The birth of a trekker .
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-birth-of-a-trekker
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: shakti khare
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Now at the age of forty, i consider myself as a nomad or a complete traveler
  but some twenty years back i was naive and new to this field. The journey i am talking
  about  could have changed my life altogether or probably would have made me wiped
  off . Hopefully i survived and i am here to share my story with you.

  It started with the kind of a family trip to Nainital a popular hill station of
  North India. I started my journey in the month of December with my mom and elder
  sister who recently got married.The journey among lush green trees and zig zag roads
  was unforgettable. Fresh and pollution free environment had made me relaxed and
  free from all the previous ailments. Bright sunlight was trickling on the leaves
  which made the whole of the view just ravishing. Before coming to this place i had
  heard about China peak which was at a very high altitude and i got interested to
  go there. But no body agreed to my proposal as mom considered it risky at that time
  especially for young girls.Luckily that day in the evening i encountered my one
  of the cousin`s cousin who also came to Nainital and when i shared my intention
  with him he readily got interested in the venture. I somehow convinced my newly
  wedded sister to accompany with us as without her it was going to be impossible.
  Finally without informing our correct destination to anyone we decided to explore
  the peak with the same cousin.

  My cousin joined me the very next morning.We went so engrossed in talking and discussing
  that we lost the track of time and also the right track.It was already 10 a.m. and
  we had already walked for three complete hours.The concentration was drawn by the
  fact that we were on such a height that neither the ground nor the sky was visible  due
  to the heavy vegetation.Further adding to the risk was the thinnest road i have
  ever seen and it was very slippery.Our shoes were normal ones which can anytime
  make us fall.I suggested everyone to return but that decision would have killed
  all of us as it was too much inclined.Without having any option we all proceeded
  upwards.After about an hour we encountered more narrow passage covered with hard
  snow. It made us crawling and fighting for about 6 hours finally we reached the
  "China peak" and bowed down to God for saving our precious lives.Later on we came
  to knew that it was the wrong way we reached there.

  China peak memory still churns out all the energy out of me.But i consider a winner
  to become a trekker without having any prior experience.'
