Title: 'The Absolute Reverie '
DateModified: '2018-02-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-absolute-reverie
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Stuti Narula
AuthorCountry: India
Text: We all have resolutions popping in our head right from the New Year's Eve, some
  people follow, some forget. We make them either to find self-motivation or to accomplish
  whatever we couldn't do. I had my own desires and dreams, all of them has one thing
  in common and that is my passion for traveling. Right after we welcomed 2018 in
  India I decided to take my passion to another level. the level I never crossed,
  the level I was dreaming about. on 2nd January 2018, i decided to make my way on
  a solo trip full of introspection and serenity. In India, we are surrounded by obligations,
  morals, values, and formalities so this was definitely a huge step for me not just
  because of the country I live in but because of being a girl. Being a girl in an
  Indian society is not easy, you have to face many social constraints and various
  hurdles till you achieve your ultimate goal. luckily I am blessed with a supportive
  family who acknowledged my dream and provided me with all the support I needed towards
  achieving my dream that I've been dreaming since the age of ten. I clearly remember
  that day, on 10 January I stuffed my clothes, my laptop, camera, my favorite dairy
  and few essentials, prayed to god and embarked my journey. The distance to reach
  Himachal from Delhi was 342.8 Km. it took me 10 hours to reach there by bus, obviously
  including 5 stops during our journey. The best part of such trips is the liberty
  to explore yourself, to find the extent you can go to. this makes you bold, attentive,
  responsible and most important it makes you happy. I checked in the hotel around
  11 in the morning. After a little rest and refreshment, I stepped out of the hotel
  and stepped in the serenity and breeze of the northern valley to finally start my
  real journey to explore, to write and to live in the moment. I explored two most
  beautiful and significant places of Himachal valley that is Dharamshala and Meclodganj.
  I hired a guide who took me to the places that were popular and symbolic. After
  covering the known I desired for the unknown, i roamed till the end, talked to the
  locals, learned the history and language I  explored what the guide wasn't able
  to show me. i just drowned myself in the purity of mountains, in the peace of the
  scenery and its culture and traditions. It felt wonderful it felt complete and that's
  where my dream of becoming a writer and to start my own travel blog took place.
  At the last day, i took everything with me in my diary to embrace this feeling forever.
