Title: The Pithu connection
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-pithu-connection
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Namrata Vithalani
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Mein bhi saath chalunga memsaab"said a 19yr old Nepali boy standing next to
  me.We were at a height of 4000mts on a cold foggy morning, waiting at the starting
  point of the Valley of Flowers in Uttarakhand.

  My friends were tired after a 4hr & 4km steep climbing trek from Ghangaria. None
  of them were ready to accompany me till the riverbed of the Valley,which was 5kms
  away.

  I wasn''t sure if I could go alone since the Himalayan Black bear was a common sight
  in the Valley. So I decided to go with this 19yr old Nepali boy named Ramu who was
  a local pithu.

  Pithu''s are people who carry individuals & luggage(upto 50kgs) on their back.

  Ramu was new to this profession,he hadnt seen the valley completely and wished to
  accompany me.He quickly took my haversack & umbrella as we started walking inside
  the Valley.

  Valley of Flowers was at the peak of its beauty,surrounded by Blue Poppy flowers
  on both sides of a narrow stony pathway.The entire Valley was covered in a thick
  blanket of fog.We could hear the occasional chirping of the birds.Brahmakamal,primulas
  & anemones were some of the other flowers we spotted.

  While I had teleported to a different world,feeling like a princess walking in this
  huge garden of flowers,suddenly my shoe sole came off! Well,something had to go
  wrong for this fairytale to be perfect.

  It was cold and wet,there was no way I could walk bare foot.Suddenly Ramu took out
  a red bandana from his pocket,tore it into a narrow string & tied my shoe to its
  sole.

  I hadnt asked him to do that,but the moment he saw my shoe sole coming off,he came
  to my rescue.

  I think we must have walked another 100mts ahead,when my other shoe sole gave up.I
  couldnt believe this was happening! I kept walking with the broken sole as I was
  really embarrassed. Ramu stopped me and offered help again.It seemed like God was
  around,protecting me,sending me help in one of the most remote places of India.

  On our way back,I felt dizzy & pukish due to the narrow stony pathway which demanded
  uninterrupted attention while walking.Ramu stood beside me with the bottle of water
  & waited till I was fine.There were times when I asked him to walk ahead,but he
  wanted to walk behind me & keep a check.

  As I headed down the mountain on the pithu,I had tears of happiness seeing the beautiful
  clouds & as the rains drops fell on my face,my heart was filled with joy.Best of
  the writers would fall short of words to describe that moment.

  I felt so connected to my God within.It was a feeling of BLISS.'
