Title: The Muslim Mzungu
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-muslim-mzungu
SetInCountry: Rwanda
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Nurul Huda Mohd. Razif
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'When one door closes, another opens. I learned this in Rwanda, where I have
  been pleasantly surprised by the warmth and welcome shown by strangers on the road.


  I seized the opportunity to visit Lake Ruhondo solo when my local friend, who promised
  a tour, disappeared without a word. No matter. I caught the boat to Icyabarihara
  Island, situated in the middle of the lake, just as it was departing. As we traversed
  the calm lake towards the island, I caught the attention of two teenage girls. In
  almost flawless English, they asked me where I was from, and what I was doing in
  Rwanda - specifically, in that corner of Rwanda, where an Asian hijabi was clearly
  an unusual sight. Our conversations continued with even greater enthusiasm as we
  trekked uphill towards the villages together, uninterrupted except when I was struck
  breathless by the view before me: terraced farm plantations graced the gentle slopes
  of the island, and the Virungas loomed mysteriously in the distance.


  My local guides interrogated me with great fascination about my education, family,
  friends, and travels. Some of their questions - like "How do you compare Kenya to
  Rwanda?" - demanded some serious reflection. As we passed through the heart of the
  village, we began gathering a following of laughing children and choruses of "How
  are you?". I was even invited into a local home for a ceremonial handshake with
  an elder, to whom I explained my origins and travels in a mixture of English and
  broken Kiswahili and Kinyarwanda. Extracting ourselves from this visit - witnessed
  with great amusement by the villagers present in the vicinity - required many diplomatic
  smiles, repetitions of "Murakoze" ("Thank you"), and even more firm, farewell handshakes
  all around. Had the imminent departure of the boat not been a valid reason for our
  urgent adieu, this sudden run-in with the island residents might have prolonged
  indefinitely.


  Though brief, I treasured our time on Icyabarihara because of the inquisitiveness
  of my friends. I had the honor of being the first Malaysian they had ever met. As
  an anthropologist, this was an unexpected turn of the tables: I am usually the one
  questioning and poking about, but this encounter with such vibrant young minds,
  who through their Rwandan eyes saw me as the "exotic Other", taught me what it is
  like to be the one under scrutiny. But I welcomed this brief repose from being the
  nosy anthropologist, for cultural exchange can only occur with mutual curiosity
  and reciprocity.'
