Title: The Million Dollar Glow On Her Face
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-million-dollar-glow-on-her-face
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Dipanju Buragohain
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I love travelling since childhood. I haven't been to any fancy destination all
  by myself. I hope to experience it someday. The clock is ticking and so our age,
  strength, motives, hopes and desires! The best thing about travelling which fascinates
  me is that I really get to know myself. Those moments when I silently sit in a flight
  window seat, I constantly think about all the memories in my life. I never try to
  miss travelling whenever I can afford. In 2016, I had the opportunity to be in a
  family trip to Malaysia. I was so excited to be on such a trip with my parents and
  siblings after long years, to meet my elder sister. Me, my parents and my elder
  brother left India boarding from Kolkata to Malaysia at night in the month of July.
  We packed our luggage with a bundle of happiness unknown to the experiences to be
  met. We had a smooth entry for visa section contrary to my personal experience while
  coming back in Kolkata. However, this essay is not about the bad experiences. It
  was the first foreign trip for us and a very special one. My sister took us to Langkawi
  in Malaysia which is quite a big island composed of many small ones. We went on
  the ferry. I have never been in such a big ferry before. We visited the 'Island
  of Pregnant Ladies' there, had a sibling chat and clicked memories again. When we
  roamed near the beach hand in hand, it felt like we were reliving our childhood
  again. Since I am passionate about oceanography and marine science, I really liked
  visiting the 'Underwater World' at Langkawi. We went to Penang, a more industrialized
  city than Perlis, where my sister lives. In Perlis, my favourite thing was the early
  morning runs with my sister and dad on the roads near to paddy fields which quite
  reminded us of the similar environments at our home in India. 15 days were over
  fast. It was time to say goodbye until we meet again. My mom was literally crying
  on the shoulder of my sister. The last thing I expected was her pain while parting.
  Her joy was beaming all over her face when she was travelling everywhere with us.
  My dad lovingly covered her with the traditional attire as she was feeling too cold.
  She is a fighter though. She fought paralysis after an unfortunate accident 8 years
  ago. She also fights against numbness. I feel amazed and inspired seeing my mom's
  zeal every time she travels somewhere. The way she fights against her obstacles
  makes me more passionate to chase my dreams, to travel, to live, to become what
  I truly ought to be.
