Title: The Flip of a Coin
DateModified: '2018-01-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-flip-of-a-coin
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Tucker Fahling
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: I was sitting in my dorm room at the University of Hawaii one night when I decided
  to drop out of school and move to Australia.  I've had a lifelong infatuation with
  Australia and I had almost no desire to stay in school for another 2-3 years pursuing
  a degree that I was not passionate about.  I threw a quarter up in the air and it
  landed on heads.  I looked into visas and found a working holiday visa that allows
  Americans a one-year stay while enabling them to work and travel freely throughout
  the country.  I called my little brother who was just finishing his first semester
  of college.  "Oliver, I'm going to move to Australia,  if you want to come with
  me I'll pay for your visa and plane ticket".  I purchased our visas and one-way
  tickets from Honolulu to Brisbane. We arranged to couch-surf with an American Au-Pair
  living in Brisbane and get a lay of the land first.  After a few days we headed
  south to the Gold Coast where I had assured him, like so many Aussies had assured
  me, work would be easy to find.  Low and behold we arrived at the very end of summer
  and nobody was hiring.  Still without work we found ourselves with less than $20
  and no place to stay.  We checked out of our hostel on the Gold Coast and headed
  south on a hope and a prayer that we would find something.  We spent the next 3
  nights sleeping on the beach right on the border of Queensland and New South Wales.  We
  used our backpacks as pillows and woke up right before the crack of dawn to get
  a quick ocean bath before anybody would see us.  Miraculously we found woofing (working
  for accommodation) in a town about an hour south.  Our spirits were high when we
  arrived,  we had a place to sleep and food to eat.  Nimbin, a town of roughly 1500
  people, turned out to be the drug capital of Australia.  A week stay was all our
  sanity would allow us.  From Nimbin we hitch-hiked to the next closest town, Byron
  Bay.  We found woofing once again, but this time in a much more sane environment.  Our
  host family was as hospitable and friendly as they come.  By day we worked on the
  yard, digging trenches and planting a garden.  By night we would bike into town
  (3 miles downhill) and get drinks and converse with the locals. The ride back was
  slightly more interesting.  After a night of drinking we found ourselves in the
  pitch-black dodging wallabies and kangaroos' on winding unfamiliar roads. Soon afterwards
  we made our separate ways.  He left to do farm work in Western and Australia.  I
  went to Sydney.
