Title: The Bounty of Big Bend
DateModified: '2018-02-03'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-bounty-of-big-bend
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Charles  Dent
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: After crossing the Oklahoma-Texas border just before sunrise, the world through
  the windshield looked like the same shade of pitch-dark that it had for hours prior.
  As we rolled through the pancake-flat desert, the sun broke over the horizon, joining
  us on our western heading. The neon orange glow slowly began to flood over the dimly
  lit landscape as we cruised along, indiscriminately illuminating previously hidden
  swaths of dust covered land. Although I had driven previously through plains in
  Kansas and Nebraska, the otherworldly nature of this unforgiving tract of land contrasted
  with the vapid expanse of the midwest. Gradually, the earth became littered with
  lone mountains, standing proudly they greeted passers-by like billboards for the
  attraction ahead. Majestic loners slowly gave way to imposing clusters, glaring
  at one another across vast neutral zones, they seemingly grew in a direct competition
  for survival. Upon reaching the northernmost tip of the park, the mountains had
  surreptitiously swallowed us whole, and the horizon transformed into an impenetrable
  fortress of jagged rock as far as the eye could see. We knew we were finally heading
  into the unadulterated wilderness of Big Bend. As we pierced our way through the
  formidable outer wall, straight Texan roads quickly became twisting mountain passageways.
  Climbing sharply in elevation, we wound our way from the bone dry desert upwards
  into a plentiful mountain oasis. Trapping all the water in the basin, this bright
  spot of luscious green sprang up out of an ocean of lifeless shades of brown, providing
  sanctuary, and breathing life into a parched landscape. Arriving at our campsite,
  the sky had become overcast, giving the impression that we were nestled into the
  palm of the hand of God, while his fingers dipped up through the clouds.  By the
  following morning, we set our sights on our first trail, a scenic overlook of Casa
  Grande peak, an imposing fortress of a plateau which towered high over the basin.
  Unexpectedly, the top of Casa Grande provided a home for a variety of life not found
  in the choked out basin over which it towers. Succulents, aloe, even the trees and
  flowering plants on this plateau soak up the high desert sun like royalty hoarding
  the riches of a kingdom. Leaving their brothers and sisters below to fight to survive
  and outgrow, this preserve provided room for all.
