Title: The Road Trip that Nearly Killed Me
DateModified: '2018-01-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-road-trip-that-nearly-killed-me
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Jordan Johnson
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I had the chance to live in NYC for three years, and during my time there I
  made many friends. They always extended the invitation that if I so desired, I could
  come and stay with them for free and they would show me a good time around their
  hometown. So when the time came for me to leave New York and head home to Washington
  state, I thought that would be the perfect chance to do this once-in-a-lifetime
  trip. I packed up my Honda Civic and headed out.


  The first leg of my journey was fantastic. I met a friend in Bethlehem, PA who showed
  me some rich history of his area. Steel factories from the late 1800s were still
  standing, and you could practically smell 200 years of history. We also visited
  Philadelphia. I felt like Benjamin Franklin (a long time hero of mine) was walking
  right next to me through downtown. And of course I had to have a cheese steak!


  From the moment I left PA, my trip took a turn for the worse. My car broke down
  in North Carolina. I was in the middle of nowhere with my friend I was traveling
  towards living eight hours away. My heart sank as I watched a man who claimed to
  be a mechanic drive off on his moped to buy parts with the promise he''d be back
  and $200 of my few remaining dollars. He got my car purring again and I continued
  on to Georgia. My time in Georgia was fantastic. However due to finances, I had
  to cut out the rest of my journey south and cut a swath to Oklahoma. I spent a few
  days there that were enjoyable. But at this point my money was gone and I still
  had 2000 miles to get home.


  I got to visually see some of the middle US, but I didn''t stop. "Just get home"
  was etched into my brain. But In Big Timber, Montana my car took one last hit that
  did me in. There was a blizzard going on and I had zero visibility. I was trying
  to get off the freeway when I struck a piece of debris that tore the gas tank off
  of my car. A passing state patrolman drug me off the road and to the nearest Super
  8. I was left with nothing but my phone.


  A couple that were in the lobby saw me freaking out and offered to let me stay with
  them in their motel room. They bought me a hot meal and a beer, and gave me some
  money to last me through. My dad ended up driving 10 hours overnight to come and
  get me. I used to be a cynic, not believing in the general goodness of people. But
  this act of kindness from total strangers has forever changed my view towards my
  fellow humans.'
