Title: The Guide Chain to Crypt Lake
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-guide-chain-to-crypt-lake
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Ben Princi
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Facing your fear on a hike, rated in the top twenty in the world, definitely
  'pushed me to the edge'. Crypt Lake is an amazing blue circular lake caged by mountains
  that touch the sky on the border of Montana and Alberta. While the majestic beauty
  of the lake is visually breathtaking, the hike to get there is equally as impressive.
  However, this trek has a catch, one that will test those who fear heights to their
  absolute threshold. It just so happens I am acrophobic! It was the day of my thirty
  sixth birthday when I embarked on this challenging experience with a group of work
  colleagues from my school. The captivation of such a hike looked to be overshadowed
  by the rather grey clouds that hovered over beautiful Waterton. The twenty-two-dollar
  return ferry ride, which worked out to roughly a dollar a minute, felt quite overpriced,
  but considering the sights that awaited across the lake and the views of the hundred-year-old
  Prince of Wales Hotel that hovered on the cliffs edge, you could see why people
  pay it, and the National Park charges it. The fear that awaited me was a good few
  hours into the hike and the early nerves created from the tour guide on the boat
  boasting about the guide rope, narrow track and 400 metre drops, soon evaporated
  as the amazing views of Wateron Lake and the river that slithered its way through
  the canyon had claimed my attention. The green of the trees flourished in the drizzling
  conditions and the viewing of a water run-off bursting from the mountains was just
  exhilarating. Then, the moment of truth had arrived! The path circled around the
  cliffs edge, through a tunnel, and to what some would say was 'the highlight of
  the walk'. Trudging carefully along the rocky debris with adrenaline injected lactic
  built up crippling your legs was nerve-wracking enough, considering the path was
  quite narrow and the decent to the right of us, was quite steep. The tunnel, entered
  by a rather untrustworthy ladder, was a wondrous experience, however, the view it
  revealed through its exit of the 400-metre drop and the narrow path that awaited
  was not so inviting. The guide rope was of small comfort as the narrow, awkward,
  undulating path, immediately had me on edge. There was no turning back, but there
  was very little faith that I had the nerve to attempt it. Hesitation prolonged my
  movement while 'what if' scenarios danced around in my head before I grasped tightly
  to the guide chain and took the initial steps of facing my greatest fear.
