Title: The Undiscovered Treasure
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-undiscovered-treasure
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sanya Sethi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It all started with being swept off my feet by a picture in a Geography Textbook.
  It was a simple image with a lush green grass with pink wild flowers swaying with
  the breeze. The moment I laid eyes on that simple image that one would expect to
  see as a windows wallpaper, I knew I had to be a part of that picture. A random
  thought materialised into a 13 day trip to a largely undiscovered North East Indian
  state Sikkim. In a country with the highest population density, the state was nothing
  short of heaven. The picture that I was so smitten with didn't nearly capture the
  magnificent beauty of the place. The waterfalls, multiple rainbows, tea gardens
  and fancy little cottages made it look like a place right out of a disney kingdom.
  At every stop, I had interactions that I will cherish for the rest of my life. At
  one significant waterfall where I wanted to get a picture clicked in the traditional
  North East Indian attire, a couple of school students, walking back from school
  decided to gloriously photobomb my picture. Their smiling faces have forever been
  etched in my mind. Such frivolous freedom was both refreshing and yet a pinching
  reminder of how far I was from that caught up in the city life. After a few minutes
  of small talk, they decided that I wouldn't have had the complete Sikkim experience
  unless I climb on the topmost accessible rock of the waterfall. I hesitated a bit
  considering that they were in their uniforms with bags heavier than them on their
  backs while I was in a kimono and a hat but decided to go ahead with it. I stumbled
  my way to the top while the two proficiently made their way to the top. I remember
  looking out into the infinite horison and having my 'King of the World' moment.
  48 hours after the spontaneous waterfall climbing experience, I found myself walking
  on a beautiful road to a monastery. The roads there aren't the ones we first think
  of, filled with traffic. This one was surrounded by greenery and a slight discourse
  led me to the clearest river I had ever seen; Teesta. As I went to get a feel of
  the water, my slipper decided to get stuck between two rocks in the river. That
  was when my saviour Parismita came to the rescue. She got my slipper back and I
  thanked her. The conversation somehow escalated to deeply personal topics like how
  she hated the aunt that was staying with her for a while and I told her about my
  most ticklish spots. Before we knew it, Parismita, her goat Laila and I had reached
  the monastery. One picture led me to be a part of the most beautiful story.
