Title: The Power of Energy Exchange
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-power-of-energy-exchange
SetInCountry: Russia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Raquel Reis
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'I think what I love most about a trip is the energy we feel and release when
  we are anywhere.


  It is amazing the power of the energy exchange and I mean that for everything in
  our life and it is clear that when we travel this does not become different.


  However, I believe that this exchange occurs to varying degrees and this depends
  on many factors, but basically on the fact that you are with your heart open as
  you travel.


  Some people just do not like to travel. Crazy that, right? They really have no idea
  what they are missing out on.


  Others, however, like to travel, but end up staying on the cell phone or computer
  all the time and end up not living the present moment and are not there 100%. This
  certainly prevents these people from having a local connection in their travels.


  I have a great ability to be 100% present in everything that I am willing to do
  and I make friends very easily too.


  I connect completely to the place where I am, its culture and the people who are
  in the place also, be redisent or traveler as well.


  I''ve stayed a lot in hostels and I''ve done a lot of couchsurfing. The amount of
  loved ones I met doing couchsurfing is amazing!


  It was very strong experiences and it is even difficult to choose a country or a
  city that has called me more attention to this point.


  I would say that St. Petersburg, Russia, was a place that struck me a lot. Not only
  because of the cultural and urban shock with Brazil, but certainly because of the
  influence that some people had during my stay there.


  A couple, who became my friends, welcomed me with such affection and with such open
  hearts that the connection was automatic and very intense. I was doing couchsurfing
  in their place.


  St. Petersburg certainly has a special place in my heart because of this couple,
  who are no longer a couple nowadays but are still as dear as ever. This connection
  we had was much more than a simple trip in which you simply enter the tourist places
  and eat typical of the place. It is about actually connecting with what is presented
  to you.


  Allow yourself and surrender. That''s what I''d say to anyone who really wants to
  make a local connection on their own journey.'
