Title: The True Beauty Instead Kenjeran Park
DateModified: '2018-01-29'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-true-beauty-instead-kenjeran-park
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Ning Izmi Nugraheni
AuthorCountry: Indonesia
Text: 'Once day where I spend my night time in Kenjeran Park. I got something different
  thing that I did not yet before. There are many situasion and condition seems normally
  and feeling it but seeing ordinary if I would like to see from the different way.
  Kenjeran Park is one of the beautiful famous place destination in Surabaya city,
  Indonesia mostly many of people come to there to spend their holiday. Usually many
  of people come in the early morning to see the beauty panorama of the beach and
  jogging also. Sometime going on in the afternoon just to see the beauty of sunset
  and to enjoy in the night too. I just still interest going to Kenjeran Park in the
  night time cause trough that time I felt different thing is the true beauties.


  Here, I felt the different situasion and condition there cause expecially I got
  to see the beauty rainbow water fall indeed. I feel very satisfied seeing it therefore
  I gone with my bestfriend or special person. The each time I think that we can only
  seeing rainbow after raining mostly in the morning but now we can see it in the
  night time. The mean the true beauty is could be create by ourself whenever we are
  specially in Kenjeran Park. I should be enjoying by a music trough the raibow waterfall
  is become dancing feeling wisdom and the air bringing the calm situasion in my soul.
  the condition should be crowded than enjoying and seeing the rainbow waterfall gether.


  The another true beauty what I got specially in park of kenjeran. there are many
  beauty of park, yard,  build, and also mini cafe not forget it. Almost before entering
  the place must to pay only tweny thousand rupiahs for one person not need the long
  time I come in to the park exactly, so arround the park by motorcycle to see one
  place to another place seems so beauty. Instead along the way I see many of the
  lamp to illuminate each the place but I should be more satiesfied where the one
  place that I mean most beautiful than other place. the name of place is Disney Land.
  It''s so beuaty panorama there are so many of white lamp illuminated the place that
  should be put on top of trees even I see the beauty waterfall in the middle of disney
  land. it''s become the different thing of night indeed.


  The kenjeran park is one of a decision that pushed me to the edge to creat the true
  beauty.  the true beauty we can got it everywhere and everywhen but the one option
  of the true beauty is Kenjeran Park cause I got many of the beauty of panorama instead
  feeling it.'
