Title: 'The Mother of Minca '
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-mother-of-minca
SetInCountry: Colombia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Dunja Zdero-Li
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I studied my companion''s eyes. They resembled drops of rich honey and told
  a story her tongue could not - profound sadness and a longing to love.


  She gazed into the sprawling chlorophyll blanket in front of us. Colombia''s Sierra
  Nevada mountains radiated in the morning sun. Tall palm trees lolled in the breeze
  and a faint buzz of hummingbirds echoed above me. I inhaled the thick jungle air
  and could almost taste the Caribbean Sea glistening in the distance.


  The ache in her eyes broke my heart.


  Had she been abandoned? The green collar around her tawny neck said otherwise. She
  had a droopy boxer frown, but it had nothing to do with the sorrowful aura she carried.
  Her pink stomach peeked through sparse fur, and I saw the swollen mammary glands.


  Oh, no. She was a mother. She had been a mother.


  Suddenly, everything made sense. That morning, she had appeared at my hostel, looking
  for someone to take care of, to guide through the forest. I had been the only one
  awake at dawn. She moseyed toward me while I gulped down my breakfast and never
  left my side. On the trail, she either walked next to me or ran ahead to survey
  the area, always glancing back to make sure I followed safely. I decided to call
  her Lola, the Lady of Sorrows.


  "Let''s go, girl!" I said. "Show me what else you have hiding in this jungle."


  Lola sprang to her feet and ran in front of me. The trail continued down the hill
  and became lost in the tall arborescent ferns. A wooden sign informed me that I
  would need to hike a few more kilometers to reach the waterfall, but I didn''t mind.
  I felt invigorated. I followed Lola and saw her waiting patiently. As we walked,
  I longed to know her story. Had her puppies been sold? Given away? Dragged off into
  the jungle by a jaguar? I could not be sure, but I somehow knew she no longer had
  someone to love.


  When we reached the waterfall, a woman greeted me with warm arepas and a friendly
  smile. Lola ran to her. The woman planted several kisses on her head and lowered
  a dish full of cold water. She told me that my furry friend visits daily and usually
  brings a hiker or two from the hostel. Nobody knew Lola''s story or where she came
  from each day, though many had enjoyed her affection.


  The last time I saw her was from the back of my moto-taxi as it climbed up the mountain.
  She ran behind us for a long time. I glanced back only once for the fear that I
  would burst into tears. After some time, she stopped, panting heavily, and continued
  looking in my direction.'
