Title: The last cherries of summer
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-last-cherries-of-summer
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Edy  Altamirano
AuthorCountry: Mexico
Text: 'I do not know which of all my senses was moved first to enter that old station,
  renovated inside and converted into a nice cafe with wooden floors and walls, aroma
  of fresh bread and coffee, the murmur of people who accumulated in that place with
  its serious and relaxed expressions, so different from those I saw in my daily life
  in Vancouver. Here everything was slow, and went to the rhythm of the smoke of the
  coffee makers, the hours were barely marked by the dim light that came through the
  windows. Everything was pleasant to me and I suddenly had this feeling of nothingness
  to see everything found. I ordered an American coffee and a cherry muffin, ''''
  the best I''ve ever tasted '''' and started remembering the night before when I
  followed the full moon until I got lost in it, looking for shelter for my car on
  the lake Duffey, where I met five young Mexicans who, feeling sorry for me, offered
  me an extra camping house they brought with them. Talk to them about the stars and
  the movement of the moon, we speak with nostalgia of the colors and aromas of Mexican
  architecture. We kept exchanging a couple of other stories about our future trips
  and about their life in Canada picking cherries, they told me how they were harvested
  and put in boxes, about 50 on average per day and for doing that they earned well.
  They talked about the cherry as the provider of their material goods, they never
  spoke with such respect of a fruit. Finally we said goodbye, everyone there wanted
  to sleep early, without saying anything, we knew that when sleeping in front of
  a lake, the most important thing was to be awake when the dawn barely arrived. In
  spite of their young age they were very wise, they knew the essential things of
  life, in them, a wild spirit lived and nature had taught them everything. I thought
  about all that while eating the muffin and I was wondering if they would have picked
  those cherries, finished my coffee and finished a watercolor that had started at
  dawn. I kept looking in the direction where the train tracks were lost among the
  mountains reflecting the words of David Thoreau.

  "Every morning was a joyful invitation to make my life as simple and innocent as
  nature itself. I have always loved the aurora as sincerely as the Greeks did. I
  woke up early and bathed in the Lake, it was a religious exercise and one of the
  best things I did ''''

  '''' Renew yourself completely every day, do it again and again forever '''''
