Title: The perfect wedding
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-perfect-wedding
SetInCountry: Palestine
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Camille Moullec
AuthorCountry: France
Text: '"One ticket to Hebron please". Seeing the horrifying face of the bus driver,
  I knew I made a mistake. Fortunately, my friend Sofia cut me off and asked for two
  tickets to Kiryat Arba. After sitting on two blue tired seats, a muffled "Loca chica"
  escaped my Spanish friend''s lips. "What''s wrong ?" I asked, "This is an Israeli
  bus, it does not go to Hebron but to the settlement right next to it. Remember that
  Hebron is a city under Palestinian authority".


  I sighed: it was the first month of my one year trip to Israel and I was still not
  completely understanding the political subtilities of this difficult region.

  It was seven in the morning, Sofia and I were heading to the wedding of one of her
  dear friend, leaving on the other side of the border. My first trip to the Palestinian
  territories! I was really excited but also anxious about this weekend: so many "What
  if?" were running through my mind. They did not prevent me from falling asleep and
  quickly, my head felt on Sofia''s shoulders and my eyes were closed.


  The driver yelling something in Hebrew woke me up suddenly: we had arrived in Kiryat
  Arba. Our mission was to cross the settlement and walk a few kilometers to the city
  of Hebron. Used to Sofia''s constant blabbering, the silence between us while we
  were walking was sharp. The tension could be felt, in this sort of no man''s land
  between the two cities and I was having the strong impression of not belonging there.
  Sofia''s friend was supposed to come pick us up right away in the city then drive
  us home. I was still feeling uneasy and I had no idea what to expect of Hebron.
  A city filled with soldiers? People throwing stones? A war zone? I was at least
  assuming that despair and sadness would be emanating from the Arab city.


  However, the city was nothing like I expected. Instead of gunshots, I heard joyful
  music coming from a traditional soap shop, instead of grey buildings, I saw thousands
  of colourful houses, and instead of despair, I felt a cheerful atmosphere coming
  from the myriad of people going on their daily life.

  The wedding went perfectly: all the women were wearing long hijabs, covering their
  hair and outfits, but as soon as the men left the room, my friend and I could admire
  the seductive dresses and extravagant hairstyles. Dancing was the best part: they
  were all moving with grace and sensuality, while my friend and I were admiring them
  from afar. Congratulating the bride I said: I will definitely be back in Hebron!'
