Title: The Eyes of the West Bank
DateModified: '2018-02-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-eyes-of-the-west-bank
SetInCountry: Palestine
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Aiyah Sibay
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'It was quiet in the streets outside. No cars passed by, and the children wandering
  under the heavy noon sun hardly made a sound. Inside, a girl my age with entreating
  green eyes stood staring at me. I was seated on a thin mattress in the corner of
  her room, returning her gaze intently, at once amazed and horrified by all the sorrow
  it could harbor. One hand was resting on her stomach, and I supposed, rather hastily,
  that she was pregnant. Her mother was seated on the ground beside us, solemnly answering
  the questions posed by my colleague. We were in a village somewhere between Nablus
  and Ramallah. At the time, I was interning for the World Food Programme in the West
  Bank, and my task was to write articles on various beneficiaries. In other terms,
  my job was simply to listen. I suppose they believed I was too inexperienced to
  conduct these interviews myself. Or, they considered my Arabic too poor. I was fortunate,
  however, not to be the one posing such intimate questions. I simply sat and recorded
  what I considered important, which, I believe, differed very much from what I was
  expected to record. I held the girl''s gaze as her mother told us of her daughter''s
  failing kidneys, about the pain she suffered from, and the treatment she desperately
  needed. My colleague simply shook her head in response and told her there was nothing
  we could do, but the girl''s expression conveyed not the slightest disturbance.
  Instead, she simply smiled and came over to wish us a safe journey back. Before
  leaving the room, she looked to me one last time, as if to say something, then turned
  around and walked away.


  That month went by as I watched men with light and dark colored donkeys, and few
  fortunate ones with borrowed cars, arrive at distribution sites to pick up their
  monthly rations. I watched as heavy sacks of wheat landed hard against the road,
  and the deep shame imprinted along the faces of the men who came to pick them up.
  And it was exactly at that instance, when the men bent down to reach for these sacks
  that I was supposed to take the photograph, and yet I hardly did. I wanted them
  to be alone in their hurt and confusion. Instead, I tried but failed to see them
  through the green eyes of the girl with the failing kidneys. And in the daily poverty
  that I recorded in the West Bank, she rose steadily through it all, beckoning, as
  she once did so strongly, for me to understand the collective voice of horror and
  love that races through those valleys.'
