Title: The saving sole
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-saving-sole
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: "Blanca Rugarc\xEDa"
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'The evening prior to my annual mountain trip with my dad I packed my 25L backpack
  with everything I thought I would need to survive two days in Picos de Europa, I
  zipped it up and got ready to go out, because 15 days at the beach seemed too short
  not to go out every night. I came home late and with more alcohol in my veins than
  when I left. Obviously, at 6:30 am next morning I was regretting my life choices.
  I closed my eyes as soon as I got in the car, but the 1 hour journey wasn''t enough
  to erase the effects of a night out. When we arrived to the parking site, the sun
  was shinning fiercely and even though I should have felt grateful for the magnificent
  day, I wished for some clouds to hide the sun, so my headache wouldn''t worsen.
  There was no morning star at sight, so my wish was left unheard. The plan was to
  start in Pandecarmen at 1100m and camp in Vega Huerta at 2200m: about 13km. And
  so we started walking through a sparse forest, through a green prairie mined with
  cow poops, through a trail of shattered limestones and then a more rocky section,
  all of this always going up. Meanwhile my head was about to explode, my throat was
  as dry as the path and my calves were on fire. I didn''t want to tell my father
  how I felt because he had not stopped talking about the trip for a year. I''m catholic,
  so I just kept praying one rosary after another asking God to please make me fall
  and break an arm, so the trip would be over and maybe a helicopter would come, rescue
  me and then I could rest. Those were my thoughts when after going through a weird
  landscape of grass and round depressions that resembled meteorite impact places,
  I noticed that the sole of my left boot had started to come off. I looked at it
  with great surprise, but I was feeling better and I didn''t want to ruin the trip,
  so I decided not to tell my dad. It was inevitable that he would notice at some
  point, and it happened at 5pm when he turned to help me climb some rocks. He decided
  to stop immediately. With a few hours until sunset (when you are allowed to set
  your tent) we found a patch of grass between rocks and sat to wait, watching the
  mountains switch colours as the day passed by while chamois jumped around. In those
  moments I realized that the incident with my boot could have been a sign that God
  heard me, and proved that sometimes solutions are easier than they seem. I didn''t
  need to break any bone nor cancel the trip to rest. A loosen sole was enough to
  make a happy ending to a hard day.'
