Title: The Survivor
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-survivor
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Paulina De Hazra
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was a late November night at downtown Houston - the same night the Houston
  Astros won the World Series, also known as the night Houston didn't sleep. I was
  down there to have dinner with a colleague, who was then residing at one of the
  finest hotels in the area.  One topic led to another and by the time I left the
  hotel, it was an ungodly hour and I was warned enough against staying out till late
  in the vicinity of downtown. I hailed a cab using an app, but as luck would have
  it the cab driver was unable to find a building which is considered to be a landmark.
  After a considerable amount of time was spent in apprehensive sweating, I finally
  found a ride. I took my seat beside the driver and finally looked at him. He was
  an immigrant and in the eyes of a rather petite girl, big enough to twist her neck
  with a snap of his fingers. I am gregarious and I love stories. But what he told
  me next was the last thing I expected to hear miles away from home from someone
  who was miles away from his - what he told me is what nightmares are made of. He
  asked me where I was from and told me that he was Palestinian. I was intrigued,
  I hadn't made acquaintance with one before so I asked him how the place he called
  his home was. He said that to him it was the most beautiful place, perhaps just
  like heaven except that he might not see that heaven ever again in this lifetime.
  His house was burnt to the ground, his family scattered, his relatives killed in
  front of his eyes, he was imprisoned along with his brother and was subject to inhumane
  torture. After more than a year of unfathomable torment, he escaped prison and somehow
  reached Jordan and from there made his way to Moscow. He learnt the language of
  the land, did all available odd jobs, applied to and got rejected multiple times
  seeking a refugee visa, sustained for seven long years and finally made his way
  to USA. After all this time and all the pain that he had suffered through the better
  part of his adult life, he was still subject to slander and racism owing to his
  race, religion and broken English. I told him broken or otherwise as long as he
  was able to convey his message, there was nothing to be ashamed of. He looked at
  me at that moment like I was godsend. He thanked me for hearing his story which
  he had shelved in the corners of his heart for far too long.  I thanked him in return
  but no amount of gratitude would suffice for recollecting the horrors of his life
  and fortifying credence in perseverance.
