Title: The Walls Between Us
DateModified: '2018-01-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-walls-between-us
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Brittany Ho
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I remember Berlin very vividly, a young, but vibrant metropolitan city filled
  with bustling open air parties, the culture divide between east and west side and
  can walk around, gaily and openly drinking alcohol. I'm dubbing Berlin as one of
  the hippest cities ever. Even the food scene was up and becoming, bearing more options
  beyond just sausages and pretzels. We wouldn't have known this, had it not been
  for Christian, whom we met by accident, while touring the streets of Berlin. Turns
  out, that he was a local, but was originally from Chicago, proudly gay and Korean.
  He offered to hang out with us during our stay in Berlin, we felt no reservations
  whatsoever and immediately took him up on his offer. I was stunned by his kindness
  and hospitality towards four strangers that he had just met. Over cocktails, he
  would share the funniest and wildest stories with us, as if we were lifelong friends
  who were finally catching up after 10 years of not seeing each other. We hardly
  missed a beat. Even though we were perfect strangers, in the four days that I spent
  my time with him, I knew I had met somebody special. I am a travel junkie and I
  want to keep exploring new, foreign cities. Fast forward to 2014, I decided I wanted
  to come back to Berlin, so I made the exception of going back to the same city twice.
  Christian had made the trip so memorable, that it was time to go back and have double
  the fun.  When I reached out to him, I was unsure whether he would remember me,
  but he did. The second time around, he was much more relaxed, perhaps even more
  intimate about his feelings, his sexuality, his past and present. We were having
  some deep, meaningful, yet dark conversations. It was truly in this moment that
  I felt this very perfect stranger who was not so perfect after all, was only human
  and he was baring his soul to us. Being gay in an Asian household was not so easy.
  His first love had passed away, captured by moments of too much drug abuse. It was
  evident that  he was struggling with so much in his life. Till this day, I'm not
  sure what compelled him to share such deep and painful memories with us, but I knew
  out of respect, that I would treasure the moment we had forever. We are, after all,
  human beings. I knew, by his confessions that it was his sign of release and a way
  to cope with all the pain. He doesn't know it, but he gave me the gift of compassion
  and empathy. He gave me more than he ever will know.  I knew we were going to be
  friends for life.
