Title: The secret is never stop.
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-secret-is-never-stop
SetInCountry: Brazil
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: "Vit\xF3ria  Coutinho"
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I woke up in a ordinary sunday morning of july. Was a REALLY ordinary day,
  like wash dishes, clean the bedroom and all that stuff. And a email changed everything,
  the email was about RIO 2016. You know, i life a little far from Rio de Janeiro,
  but the possibility of take a plane and watch amazing athetles have the time of
  their lifes was shocking for me. So i started working for realise that new dream,
  i took good grades, sold some old books and saved the money. So there was i, in
  Rio de Janeiro going to live a unique experience. In the first day, we walked 11
  miles to get to the olympic park, we wore almost dead when we sit in the chair and
  then the game started. I couldnt breath, was so much information at the same time
  and then i realized that i was having the time of my life. You know, when you are
  a teenager you imagine the future like something far away, that will take too long
  to happen, but one day the future is here and you realize you wasted so many time
  with bullshit. So, in that moment i decided never let the time win me, never waste
  one second with things that wont make me grown. In that moment i realized that i
  can be bigger, i can have ambition and i can be extraordinary. But you, dear judge
  who is reading this amazing text that you know is going to be the best, might be
  asking yourself ''''what trip has to do with be amazing,  bigger and extraordinary?''''.

  For me, us human beings, are like a puzzle, and ours experinces make us complete.
  Each place you met, its a little piece of your (almost) infinit puzzle for hapinness.
  But i''m missing my point, in my second day, i watched two more games, and its amazing
  to watch the athetles get to the edge of their body''s to realize their dreams.
  When the day of games was over i went to visit the town that so many singers sing
  about. And there was, in a museum where and ex president killed himsef, in a florest
  with historical trees. After, i went to the Corcovado to see the Cristo Redentor
  and realized how small we are and how big can we become. After that was time to
  go back home and i need to teel you:'''' I love airports'''', there are so many
  goodbyes and so many ''''welcome back, we missed you'''', it makes me believe in
  love and in second chances. Go back home means find your family, hug your dog and
  sleep in your own but mostly get ready to your next trip.

  Rio de Janeiro is a amazing town, where people go to realize their dreams. Go there
  as a teenager and be able to realize so much about life and future was the decision
  that pushed me to the edge.'
