Title: 'The Unforgotten Shore : Varanasi '
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-unforgotten-shore-varanasi
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: BISWADEEP ACHARYA
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'The dream i used to see in my childhood that where is god ,How is the city
  will look like .when i grew up just came to know Hindu God Lord Shiva has created
  a city called Varanasi and since that day i was just ad a dream to visit the city
  on the shore of The Holy Ganges . The epicenter of the cosmos the knowledge hub
  of the ancient civilization and a old city which is trying to elevate its vertical
  limits towards modernization . The main purpose of my visit in the month of January
  this year is to indulge myself into spirituality and to enjoy the serene beauty
  of a devotional atmosphere.

  The journey started from Delhi airport and i had a morning flight to Lucknow and
  then i just booked a cab to Bananas . Lucknow is the capital of the Uttar pradesh  the
  city of Mughals and Nawabs , a vibrant and diverse city.During my journey i found
  a vibrant culture in the city and then proceed to the bus stand . The bus took 7
  hours to reach Varanasi and i reached there at mid night .

  It was a quite hectic journey and i have found a cozy room in a hotel with some
  basic amenities .The next morning i just book a auto and try to visit sarnath which
  is an ancient Bodhi-stupa and the entire archaeological complex  is full of ruins
  of ancient civilization, dynasties and mainly we can see how was Buddhism  was at
  peak.I spent some time with Buddhist monk and came back to my room in the evening
  .At night i went to the cantonment area of Varanasi where a chain of hotels i found
  and went to a Bar cum Restaurant to enjoy a relaxing and ambient atmosphere .It
  was an great experience as i encountered a couple of friends from Australia  and
  they were very friendly .We exchanged our views and talks then i have to bid adieu
  and i came back to my place . The next morning was the best of my life when i visited
  the Viswanath temple which was just 5 km away from my Hotel and it was a pedestrian
  only road from the Godowlia chowk .Lord Viswanath is one of the twelve Jyotirlingas  and
  has a distinctive value in the Hindu Religion .I just entered into the temple and
  i felt like God is with me as the atmosphere inside the temple is spiritually enriched
  and culturally diverse. Just after my worship i decided to have a boat ride of the
  Ganges and i found a 73 years old man who knows the past and present of the ghats(Shores)
  of the Varanasi. the Boat ride itself was enough to fill my heart completely and
  with a rejuvnated mind and soul i came back to Delhi on the next day.'
