Title: The Unplanned Trek.
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-unplanned-trek
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Vishal Jadhav
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I still remember , a day before diwali on 28th October 2016 , I met my friend
  Shridhyey for a walk at Shivaji park. We were discussing about how we used to celebrate
  diwali as a child bursting loads of crackers and now that we don''t like doing so
  , we should definitely do something that we both enjoy , which was , go for a trek
  , connect with the nature , get away from the concrete jungle. So we started googling
  for few one day treks around Mumbai that were of easy level and we could be back
  the next day before dinner. And after searching for almost half an hour , we found
  this fort called Rajmachi , it was near Lonavala , it was easy to reach there (that''s
  what we hoped) and Google said that it was an easy level trek , and hence we decided
  to leave from home after dinner and start trekking early morning. We started our
  journey by boarding the train to Karjat. We reached Karjat station at around 3 AM
  , and as soon as we went outside we were informed that the rickshaw service to Kondhane
  village , or the base village will start after 5 AM or so.


  When we thought that the rickshaw dropped us off at the starting point of the trek
  , we were proved wrong by a local farmer who happened to expose these notorious
  acts of the local rickshaw drivers. Thankfully the farmer gave us a lift on his
  bike to the base from where we started our trek.


  Due the fear of crabs that I have, when I saw one I turned around as fast I could
  , because of this I slipped and was about to fall down the cliff , but somehow managed
  to grab the thick layer of wild grass after which Shridhyey pulled me out of there
  and then after cooling down my adrenaline we resumed our trek. After this we completed
  our trek till the top end of the fort without any complication.


  Unfortunately that was the same situation while our journey back to the village.
  It was getting dark and cold , both of us were dead tired and just wanted to reach
  home as soon as possible , this moment of hurrying made us miss a turn and we lost
  our track and this situation got much worse when we saw a black shiny huge snake
  in front of us lying in our way , the snake crawled back into the grass and we ran
  the other way scared of that snake , but fortunately all the trails lead to the
  taxi stand from where we took the first taxi to Karjat station and then were on
  our way back home.

  This made me realise that we should always be prepared for the worst situations
  no matter what.'
