Title: The Magic of Masjid Istiqlal
DateModified: '2018-02-10'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-magic-of-masjid-istiqlal
SetInCountry: Indonesia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: christopher wyer
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: Jakarta is a place that can be described in many words; cramped, busy, dirty,
  but beautiful is not one you'll hear everyday, however as I stood on the rooftop
  bar on my hostel, watching the lighting dance above the lit expanse of the city,
  that's exactly what it was to me. It was there at that bar where I struck conversation
  with three other English backpackers on a whim, and they invited me to join them
  as they explored the city the next day. I had left home only two or three weeks
  prior, and my adventure had only just begun, but these guys were almost finished
  with their trip. The next day they regaled me with he stories they had accumulated
  thus far and a plethora of handy tips as we wandered the vast city, looking for
  landmarks, when we found the Masjid Istiqlal, the third largest mosque in the world.
  Admittedly, I had never heard of it before, but one of my new found friends was
  eager to explore it.  Islam is the predominant religion in Indonesia, and of course
  even with the terror events that occurred during the same time I was away, I never
  hated Muslims, in fact I found Islam interesting, but only twenty minutes earlier,
  we had spied the black flag of the ISL, and a group of protesters shouting over
  a megaphone, and a few angry points in our direction, so going into a mosque didn't
  exactly feel great at the time, especially when the guards at the gate would not
  let us through. Every instinct was telling me to just leave, but it turns out we
  were just at the wrong entrance. Finally, we got inside and were welcomed by a kind
  woman who offered to give us a tour around the mosque, for free even. She gave us
  comfy traditional robes to wear and took photos of us, and lead us around the massive,
  intricate and exquisitely beautiful mosque. I was absorbed. The architecture was
  immense, the history was fascinating and above all, the people were welcoming and
  jovial, and a delight to speak to in our limited grasps at their language. I remember
  leaving with a huge grin on my face, and it's still one of my favourite parts of
  Indonesia, because it taught me that giving things a chance can sometimes end up
  with unexpected experiences and memories that are unforgettable, and it's still
  a value I hold on to when I travel now, because if I followed my instincts and left,
  I never would have experienced the magic of Masjid Istiqlal.
