Title: The Blind Masseur
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-blind-masseur
SetInCountry: China
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: "Lu\xEDza Moraes"
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'I was in a purple armchair, in a very simple house with some colleagues and
  my Chinese teacher informing me that this was his favorite massage home in Beijing.
  I chose to do it on foot, I was already a few days ago touring the city and my feet
  were no longer the same.

  - Blind? How well is the masseur blind?

  It was then that my masseuse entered the room.

  We had a class in the course where we learned more about China''s culture and one
  of the things my teacher had mentioned was that there was no racial discrimination
  among the Chinese people because they were no different than in Brazil, there was
  virtually no miscegenation. They were yellow, eyes pulled, their hair mostly dark,
  some leaner, some fatter, and when someone was not like that, he was certainly a
  tourist.

  This was not the reality of my masseur. He was an albino. An albino Chinese who
  did not take the smile off his face.

  It was hard not to stare at him for a few minutes, but he did not seem to notice.
  His smile remained on his face.

  He asked me a few things in Chinese and even though I had been teaching, his accent
  was very difficult for me. So we created a code so I could choose situations like
  if my massage would be strong or light, where I was in more pain so he could focus
  more and if I would want the tea that they put to warm the foot at the beginning
  .

  So the massage followed. Zhang, my masseur, did not take the smile off his face
  while the other masseurs talked and laughed, zhang was still focused on making my
  feet feel in the clouds.

  As he waited for the tea to take effect, he looked for a moment at his cell phone,
  which almost thrust into his eye so close that it was on his face. Zhang should
  not have at least 90% of his vision.

  And so I followed the best massage I ever had and the best experience I did not
  have to say to know a person''s heart. Zhang admired me for being different. I admired
  him for the same reason. But unlike me, Zhang was not privileged to be different.
  In his country, he was excluded because he was different and deficient. But he smiled
  at me, smiled to the very last moment, already with his eyes closed taking advantage
  of the sky that was happening at my feet, Zhang nudged me lightly informing me that
  the massage was over and I understood his words when he said: it was a pleasure
  I had never been with a foreigner before.

  It was pure complicity, it was pure reciprocity, it was pure empathy.

  Two strangers from different roots sharing the same moment of pleasure.'
