Title: The PUNjab Trip
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-punjab-trip
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Ojaswi Bhanu  Singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Travelling in India gives a spritual feeling that''s obvious but who knows
  it also provides a theme of culture and diversity in traveller''s mind.A trip to
  Punjab is enough for this statement.Situated near India Pakistan border Punjab got
  its name after the 5 rivers Indus, Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi and Beas.Punjab is highly
  rich in culture, tourism, spirituality and ofcourse food. The Makke di Roti with
  Sarso da Saag is an authentic food of Punjab, Lassi on the table provides a precious
  flavour to food.But the million dollar rupees flavour is given by the Makkhan (Buttet
  Milk). Peoples of Punjab believes in culture and are hard working. Most of them
  are farmers and most of them are female. Ladies of house maintains farms as well
  as home.

  Jalandhar,Chandigarh,Khanna,Bhatinda are main course in the dish of tourism attraction
  in Punjab.But for the starter one should go to Amritsar, a pure flavour of spirituality,
  devotional and old culture but the most wanted place is Golden Temple, since the
  majority of people of Punjab are Sikh, and 10 Gurus of Sikh community resembles
  a big mark on the history of sikh community and Punjab,so as well people worship
  them not as God but also feels them in air, food and water. MThis is why Sikh believes
  in Charity in form of "Sewa", which includes Langar (Food distribution) where both
  rich and poor eats on same platform and memorize their Guru.

  As a historical memories Amritsar is highly diversed.Many freedom fighters belongs
  to Punjab in which Bhagat Singh is most famous and respected.A park in Amritsar
  called "Jallianwala Bagh" resembles a dark memory upon Indian history in which thousands
  of peoples where killed by Britishers,who were gathered just for a festive fair
  of Lohri (Festival for first crop cutting in Punjab),till today the walls of park
  consist of bullets mark,resembles the dark memory of India under British rule.

  In Dessert one should be served by travelling Wagah Border, a very complicated Line
  of Control of Ind-Pak,  where armies of India & Pakistan shows their power and patriotism
  to each other. The tension between both countries arises after the partition in
  1947, several wars fought but still people from both sides comes and becomes the
  witness of this auspicious and authentic March Past and Drill. Chanting and hailing
  for their respective countries is a must see thing in Wagah border.


  Journey and Travelling not just only for your  travel diary achievement its a feeling.
  So BE AN EXPLORER NOT JUST A TRAVELLER.'
