Title: The elephant on the wall
DateModified: '2018-02-18'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-elephant-on-the-wall
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Alice Wilcox
AuthorCountry: China
Text: 'Rats, dust and smoke. Children with dark broken skin, broken shoes, broken
  hearts. Sounds piercing the clouds of pollution as bright blue cars, tuk tuks and
  lorries wizz by in a calm rage. A mixture of rust and dirt are seeping up the walls
  of houses, houses that are no taller than a 1950''s fridge freezer. I stepped onto
  the dry, cracked floor in my blue plimsoles. Sweat drops rolling swiftly down my
  ankles. Who knew your ankles could sweat. As I look through the masses of people,
  I see my host wobble into a small shack with crates of blazing orange fanta parked
  outside. I quickly chase after him, the soles of my feet burning holes through the
  thick material of my plimpsoles. I pray mercilessly for a breeze of cold air but
  the dust-covered food store gave nothing but lukewarm drinks in recycled glass bottles.
  I feel my fingers swelling from the heat as I reach for my purse. A surge of disappointment
  comes over me when im whisked out of the shop with nothing but a sweaty palm. It
  is at this moment I notice the elephant. The golden shimmering elephant. Majestic.
  Powerful. Loving but abused. I need to find that elephant.

  Exhaustion from the flight is beginning to seep into me. Running on adrenaline for
  the last 2 hours is beginning to take its toll. I''m so hot and I cant breath. The
  adjustment buckles from my heavy bag is engraving into my shoulders. As I watch
  the clapping of sandles on the back of my host dry crusty heel, I begin to note
  the beauty of sparkling purple, green and gold sandles swiping past me on the feet
  of the thousands of women and girls walking past me. This may be be one of the busiest
  cities in the world, where business is at the fore front of the commuters'' minds,
  but the beauty of the magnificently colourful sari''s remind me of where I am. Long
  thick dark hair, clasped together with golden clips, remind me of where I am. The
  squeel of tryres and ear splitting trumpets of car horns remind me where I am. Shik,
  my host, finally arrives at his car door. Im desperate to get back to the apartment.
  I must sleep and try to cool down. Shik offers me a fresh bottle of water. I gulp
  half the bottle in one go until I feel too sick to drink anymore. He starts the
  engine and off went, swerving, spinning and escaping from the hustle and bustle
  of Mumbai central. Finally arriving at the apartment block we walk up the cracked
  broken stairway and I can smell the stench of urine. We arrive at the door and i
  walk in to a family of 7 sleeping on the floor.'
