Title: 'The Last Thing I Expected '
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-last-thing-i-expected-15
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: ABHERI MUKHERJEE
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Jolted from my slumber I noticed that the train was slowly chugging into the
  small staion.The small station was overcrowded with vendors and little children
  with colourful ribbons in their hair. The crowd pushed at gates to enter the train
  and secure themsleves a seat. As I struggled against the rush to get down,  my bag
  slipped from my hand and fell on the platform scattering my things.Finally with
  a last push I freed myself from the crowd. As I looked here and there for my luggage,a
  little hand tugged at the hem of my skirt. She smiled up at me, "Miss your bag.
  I collected everything."  The child was barely 7 years old, wore old ragged clothes
  but had the brightest shining eyes. Her smile made me forget the mad crowd and I
  took her by hand as we walked ourselves out. The best way I thought I could thank
  her was to buy her choclates. But as soon as we reached the small shop she pulled
  away her hand from mine giving me another big smile as she ran off. Although I called
  out after her I knew it was of no use so I went my way.I have had always harbored
  a special feeling for the countryside and going into the Sunderbans as someone who
  wanted to live and experience life as the inhabitants there was a dream that I had
  hoped to fulfil one day. As I walked the muddy road, gushes of fresh air filled
  my lungs and the greenery of the surrounding jungle soothed my sore eyes. The place
  was full of bloom and warmth and I felt happy in my heart. It was the last village
  located just on the outskirts of the jungle. There was no shop or market nearbuy,
  still this place had attracted me the most. I believed that the serene silence was
  soulful and mysterious. Lost in my thoughts and admiration, I suddenly noticed that
  I had been knocking on the door for quite sometime and noone had answered yet. Instinct
  took over and as I looked over my shoulder I saw a crouching figure. Numb with fear,
  I could hardly move while anticipating the worst. As the crouching bandit made a
  move, a small figure jumped out of nowhere and threw a lighted torch at them. I
  saw the torch hitting the ground and it caught fire.His only escape was to run into
  jungle. The little girl was smiling up at me once more. The  last thing I had expected
  was to meet my little savior again under such extreme circumstances.

  There are many travel stories. But I believe  the ones that are etched forever in
  our heart with love that brings strangers together in a strange land are more than
  worthy of sharing.'
