Title: The perfect wine trip
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-perfect-wine-trip
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Anabella Murillo
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I travel monthly for business, but this time was different. It was the first
  time on a plane with my dad and first time leaving on a road trip with him and my
  brother. Just the three of us. I must confess I was a little nervous. My brother
  had it all planned, what wineries we will be visiting, which restaurants we will
  be trying and where we would be staying. I did some research before, but to be honest
  I wanted to leave it to destiny and enjoy the surprises along the way. The only
  thing I did was to reserve a tasting through one of my best friends and wine connoisseur
  on a specific ranch. We had no clue of where we were going, the only thing I knew
  I had to drive to a specific address in Paso Robles wine country. Our appointment
  was at 2pm and something told me this was going to be special. Keep in mind, we
  have been tasting for the past 48 hours, so truth to be, at this point everything
  was special, however, I had a unusual feeling about this one. We arrived there,
  doors closed. The place was beautiful and the only sounds were those of birds chirping.
  I called to the phone number my friend had given and two minutes later, a man appeared
  on a pickup and asked us in his French accent to please join him. His name is Marc,
  blond, hazel eyes and have been living in the US since the 90s. When he opened the
  tall wood doors, my heart stopped. We were literally inside the Barrell room. The
  smell was marvelous, the temperature was colder and the sound was perfect, no sounds
  at all. Marc and my dad immediately started talking about wines. Marc knew he was
  talking to a wine lover family and that we were enjoying the moment. He was enjoying
  as well. We exchanged stories, spoke about lab created grapes, bacteria that killed
  the vines, best vintages, Paris, and even office expenses. We ended up learning
  that the human body has more bacteria (good and bad ones) than human cells (pretty
  fascinating right?). After all this, Marc was our new best friend, our trusted wine
  specialist in Paso Robles, our perfect local connection. He gave us a special walk
  through the vines and the small lake, the residence of one of the founders and surprise!
  We even had the chance to meet the wine maker. For most people, this may not sound
  amazing, but for us it was. It was definitely remarkable. Hours and hugs later we
  left, but he gave us some suggestions on where to go after and guess what? We ended
  up exactly where he told us. We had never gotten to that place if it weren't for
  him.
