Title: The fiercely beautiful abode
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-fiercely-beautiful-abode
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Prerona Ghoshal
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'After much hesitation I finally decided to come here,to see how this part of
  my country actually looked like. "Speechless" would be an understatement if I was
  talking about my reaction after I stepped on that land. Yes there is a lot of tragedy
  involved with this place but if you don''t come here you wouldn''t know that pain
  has it''s own beauty. In my entire life, I''ve been to so many places but I have
  never seen a place like Kashmir.It was enticing and appealing to the soul. Kashmir
  has valleys flowered with heavenly colours and vividness. When you walk through
  Kashmir you''ll have a mixed feeling, there''s this eeriness and a tone of death
  all around yet so beautifully coloured and enriched with beauty. The surroundings
  are so aesthetic and haunting at the same time that your soul will delve into the
  place. Just nearby is Pahalgam,filled with greenery and fresh flowers just like
  the Gods themselves came down to decorate it. The sunsets are like masterpieces
  drawn with every hue of saffron. The magnificent paths of the Mughal garden will
  make you feel that maybe some celestial beings still might be coming here to spend
  their time.

  The Jhelum river, flows on and on,witnessing history for ages now.

  When you''ll sit by the Jhelum with your diary sipping on hot Kahwa(tea made of
  saffron) and your heart will know that finally you have reached a second home.A
  feeling of belonginess will grasp you when you flow on the Dal Lake, riding a shikara(decorated
  boats). You''ll drape yourself in pashmina(refined kashmiri silk) and lie down on
  the best carpets in the world and you''ll dream of carrying a part of this place
  with yourself everywhere.The beautiful people of this land will welcome you with
  a love that you''ve  never felt anywhere.The food is the best part here, everything
  cooked here is enriched with spices and saffron. The main traditional dish in Kashmir
  is Wazwan,it''s a complete dish of different courses served at once. It consists
  of Rishta(meatballs In a red gravy),Lahabi kebab (mutton kebabs),Rogan Josh (tender
  lamb cooked with kashmiri spices and milk),Tabak maaz (lamb ribs),Gushtaba(Meatballs
  in curd gravy),mooli aakrot chutney(radish and walnut pickle)and finally Phirni(A
  dessert,a thick pudding made with rice, saffron and dry fruits). As you''ll walk
  through saffron fields in Pampore you''ll realize how much you have started loving
  this place. This place is a must visit for bucket listers. This is God''s own hand
  made country.'
