Title: The oblivious roof top
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-oblivious-roof-top
SetInCountry: Pakistan
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Junaid  Ali
AuthorCountry: Pakistan
Text: 'I together with my cousin and a travel guide were packing for an adventurous
  trip to the Hindu Kush. The wild western summit of Pakistan. We sat out on this
  relentless journey. It was a spring season.We were gossiping and chatting about
  what would lie ahead. As we passed by the hustle and bustle of bazaar. We were encountered
  with devious, twisty roads of Malakand. The striking serene calmness and the majestic
  mountains displayed a breathtaking experience.

  The gradual ascending order of the bright colorful mountains was like a poetic art
  of playing the piano.Our car stopped at the fueling station. It was an evening time.
  We took out our luggage and camped near a river. The stuffed chicken and fish were
  kept on oven. The fading light and fragrance of the seasonal flowers radiated our
  evening. My cousin, Javaid a professional musician triggered his guitar. The local
  people and some foreigners joined us. We discussed and shared different issues in
  the shadow of sage musical notes. We dined together.They were simple, innocent people.
  They would hardly sense that their region is bound to be effected by the climate
  change. But we shared and explained this phenomenon with them. We spent this whole
  night in the bonfire. Early next morning, after the breakfast, we packed and started
  our journey for the Swat valley.It was unfolding its true beauty and splendor. The
  gushing River Swat along the road, steep waterfalls and lush jungles of pine depicted
  a picture of a magical wonderland. We stepped into the bazaar. The fine arts of
  making pottery, carpets and jewelry fascinated us. We bought some of these artistic
  masterpieces.The crunchy bread made with rice flour together with local butter and
  honey added a perfect delicacy to our meal.The guide took us to tour the Buddhist
  fort.  They would learn the military tactics, modern and religious education all
  in this vicinity. These ruins were a reflection of their glorious past. We became
  spell bound to it. After this excursion in Swat valley, we sat out on the final
  and ultimate journey to the Hindu Kush.The Swat valley is connected to the Hindu
  Kush by a wooden bridge. The ocean of clouds were playing hide and seek with us.It
  started snowing and we set up a camp and went inside it. The guide told that this
  region used to teem with snow leopards and other wildlife. The snow stopped. We
  got out and could feel the strange queer in the blanket of a snowy night. This ultimate
  experience, one can only wish and dream off.'
