Title: The last thing I expected was to feel so alive.
DateModified: '2018-02-04'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-last-thing-i-expected-was-to-feel-so-alive
SetInCountry: Ecuador
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Amelie Laplante
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: This story started on a beautiful morning of the 6th November. I got on the
  plane just as I went head first to the unknown. At the moment I jumped in and watched
  the earth go away by the porthole I knew one thing. I was on my way to a crazy adventure
  and as the plane would regress in Canada one month later, I would come back as a
  completely changed person from this experience. It was my first time traveling on
  my own and I was excepting the challenges that would most likely be appart of this
  month in Ecuador. During the first two days, I had to run around chasing planes
  to my next destination or taxis. Arrived at Quito, I took a bus that went through
  the Andes and dropped me to San Vincente. A lovely feeling of euphoria was taking
  place in my heart as my young eyes were realising the magnificient and impressive
  beauty of our world. When I finaly arrived at Rio Muchacho Farm and Eco-lodge, the
  people at the farm warmly welcomed me as I was already part of the big family. They
  showed me how things worked there and I started my work at the farm on the first
  day. The work was sometimes easy to do, sometimes challenging, but always agreable.
  I can not put into words this feeling you have being under the sun all day, working
  on a giant garden surrounded by nature and quietness. Rio Muchacho was that kind
  of place that makes you connect on a higher level with everything and at night you
  were always happy to join about fifteen volunteers for supper, during wich they
  would tell beautiful stories of their last travels, political issues around the
  world or life experiences. I mentally progressed through that month, I was impress
  by all the knowledge I gained through simple conversation with people. On the week-ends
  we would all rush to this little town by the beach, Canoa. The volunteers and the
  locals were all playing in the sea, partying together at night or at times trying
  so hard to teach me how to surf. Those moments were simply perfect. We would consider
  each other as family, forgetting our ethnicities and the borders that would usually
  stand between us. Canoa was that town you felt at home, where everyone is caring
  for each other. On the very first week-end I spent there I got to know so many beautiful
  people and I will always have that special place in my heart for each one of them,
  because they showed me how life was a blessing. As I am right now at home, I know
  that we all need to travel and open our eyes on how life is the greatest gift we
  were all given.
