Title: The Bahamas - Friendliest People on the Planet
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-bahamas-friendliest-people-on-the-planet
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Faith Moeller
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I love scuba diving so visiting countries and places that have incredible diving
  are a huge passion of mine.  I was lucky enough to go to the Bahamas for a week
  with a friend.  We ate the most fantastic food, went to shows that rival those of
  Las Vegas, and shopped the local markets for treasures to bring home.

  While I was there, I wanted to go scuba diving since I had heard that it was an
  awesome place to see fabulous tropical fish, see large predatory sharks, and enjoy
  the tranquility of diving.  I signed up and got my diving gear together and went
  out.  It was as great as it was said to be and I saw a lot of things that I did
  not expect to see while out diving from our captain''s boat.  My companions were
  sociable and all of us were very experienced divers.  I even found a $10 bill while
  diving!

  When the diving tour was over, we all boarded the boat and got back to the marina.  Unfortunately,
  some of my stuff got caught on the boat so it took a few minutes to get it freed
  so I could leave.  The vehicle that was supposed to take me back was gone and had
  left without me!  Since I did know a bit about the island, I started walking back
  to my hotel with my heavy dive gear and swimsuit still on.  It was a hot day and
  I thought it would be an awful walk back.

  Suddenly, a truck with a bunch of guys stopped and asked me if I needed a ride.  I
  thought about it and said sure.  They helped me climb into the back of the truck,
  which was loaded with steel drums.  The guys played music and sang all the way back
  to my hotel; it was an unforgettable act of kindness and joy that I look back upon
  fondly.  I tried to give them the money from the dive that I found and they said
  to keep it but invited me to a dinner that evening.  I went to my hotel, showered,
  told my friend what had happened and we both went to that dinner.  It was so much
  fun and the men played music while we danced.  They dedicated a song to their ''scuba
  diving friend from Florida''.  It was a wonderful end to a perfect day!'
