Title: The Perfect Vacation Destination
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-perfect-vacation-destination
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Viktorija Taseva
AuthorCountry: Macedonia
Text: 'We have already visited some of the most attractive destinations across The
  United States like Miami, New York, Chicago, Boston,and many more so it was hard
  for us to make a decision this time. It was a last minute, random decision. We wanted
  to head somewhere warm and sandy ,so as a picture of Hawaii randomly appeared in
  my news feed on Instagram I just knew that it was it. Later it turned out that we
  made the right decision. We had such a thrilling experience and that is why I recommend
  everybody to visit Hawaii. However, It took us almost 20 hours to get to Honolulu
  from Boston Logan Airport. It was a 14-hours, one 8-hours layover kind of a flight,
  but I realized it was worth it as soon as we got off the plane.


  The first thing that I noticed was the temperature. The weather was so warm, breezy
  and just perfect. Second thing that I realized right away was that the warmth of
  the locals complement the islands''s warm temperatures. Furthermore, the two Hawaiian
  words that you are going to learn  when in Hawaii are the words ''''Aloha'''' and
  ''''Mahalo''''. Moreover the nature is just one more thing that makes Hawaii so
  special. Hawaiian Islands are home to some of the most active volcanoes in the world
  and some of the most wonderful waterfalls as well. The average temperature of the
  water is 23 degrees Celsius which makes it perfect for surfing, snorkeling or swimming.

  When in Hawaii you should also make sure that you visit some of the farms and some
  of the local farmer''s markets where you can try fresh fruit, ice cold coconuts
  and papayas to die for.

  The culture that is over 1500 years old and has its origins in the Polynesians is
  just another thing that makes Hawaii so unique. The Polynesian Cultural Center is
  located on the island of Oahu, and it is a place where you can actually find out
  more about the Polynesian culture. It is the perfect way to get lost in the spiritual
  beauty of the hula, or treat yourself with the delicious traditional local Polynesian
  food like Loco moco and of course the best shaved ice that you will ever try. Our
  visit of the Polynesian Culture Center was the best experience. It changed my point
  of view and it was an extraordinary and memorable experience.

  To sum up, It doesn''t matter if you are a person that enjoys hiking, surfing, swimming,
  snorkeling, sightseeing and exploring it seems that Hawaii has it all. One thing
  is certain, everybody should visit Hawaii at least once and experience why Hawaii
  is like no place on the Earth.'
