Title: The mystery of who you are?
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-mystery-of-who-you-are
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Tapasvi Nallapati
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"We are lost", exclaimed my friend, stopping in her tracks.


  As far as the vision extends,I can just gape into the dense and moist deciduous
  forest. ''Periyar Tiger Reserve: enter at your own risk'', the warning at the beginning
  of this trek flashed my mind. Chills began racing inside.We need to reach the camp
  at the peak before it''s dark. Being new to this physical activity,I can hardly
  drag my feet around the freshly piled up elephant turds.


  We are lost. I am lost. I lost my mind too. Did I? I was soundly safe last week,
  in an air-conditioned room staring into the computer screen. Home and office, a
  never ending loop. Safety guaranteed imaginary boundaries. Parents warned and the
  society advised. But I gave a deaf ear. I crossed it. I left my job. Now, I am;
  in these woods,uncertain and lost.


  In India, you are either supposed to be a doctor or an engineer. You have take the
  roads paved by your elders. Break a stereotype, you are treated as evil. But today
  I crossed the boundaries. Pushed myself to the edge of it. Am I doing it right?


  "Look, a black eagle", cried a bird enthusiast, bringing me back to the present."It
  is of the rarest". Everyone in the eleven person group looked up following his finger.
  The trek group is greatly diverse in their cultures and knowledge. I already had
  a good dose of learning today.Being the youngest one in the group doesn''t make
  you the strongest one. That woman in her seventies, who had scoliosis,whom I underrated,
  is walking ahead of me. The information on sedimentary rock formation and the plant
  taxonomy in these western ghats, worthy.


  "This way it is", cheered the organizer, dwarfish but has the mettle of a warrior.
  After few minutes of mindlessly following,we reached the peak.


  I was speechless with what I saw.Eyes big.Mouth agape.Energy levels started accelerating.
  The beauty of nature was sprawling before me. The sound of water trickling downstream,
  birds whistling their way back to home. The sky, like a canvas, painted brightly.
  The last rays for the day finding their way through the clouds. A sudden wave of
  realization hit the heart. Every cloud do have a silver lining. It needs the right
  time in a right heart to embrace it. Isn''t this what life is about. Being human
  is being part of the nature and culture. Embracing past, being in present and creating
  a better future. It''s not what society thinks about, it''s how you feel about yourself
  and what you do with it.


  That moment, I did not get lost, but I found myself.'
