Title: The Old lady with a book
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-old-lady-with-a-book
SetInCountry: Guatemala
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Stefano Grassano
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'It''s great to climb a volcano, while the way back it''s always a mix of excitement
  for what you have seen and breakdown for something marvellous that (maybe) you won''t
  see anymore. I came back slowly to Antigua. All i wanted was just to take a shower,
  have a (huge) dinner and go to sleep. After a quick shower, I was alive again so
  I decided to find a place where to eat some local food. I was walking in the town
  centre, while I saw a simple cheap restaurant that was perfect for my needs. As
  soon as I entered inside, I have noticed a strange colorful old lady with thick
  glasses reading a big book, even bigger than her. I was staring at her when she
  turned her eyes, bigger because of the glass, to my direction. It was just a quick
  sight, I was a bit embarassed, but then it was followed by a warm smile coming from
  her. "Buenas tardes", "Good Evening".... I decided to go to know her, so I introduced
  myself using my poor Spanish and I asked if I could have taken a seat at her table.
  She was called Angela and she was proud to tell me that she was... a student. Since
  she spent all her life looking after her sons and then her sick husband, that had
  passed away 2 years before, she had never time and chance to study. She was 76 and
  she was reading "The Guatemala Reader: History, Culture, Politics". I think she
  was shy, but also very proud of herself and she was the most motivated student I
  have ever seen during my travels around the world. She asked me why i was there,
  since I didn''t look like a normal tourist with a backpack that Antigua used to
  host, and she was curious to know more about me, why I was speaking Spanish so well
  (I could bet Angela was teasing me, but maybe she was not...) and what was going
  to be my next stop. I told her my story, nothing so interesting by my side, but
  she was happy to hear it, to hear me, while I was just relaxing and enjoying time
  with her. We were laughing about people at same table connected with smartphones
  and not connected to each other, talking about the best and the worst of that part
  of the world about how to cook a good pizza, checking some hints and tips about
  Guatemala, etc. By far, it was my most vivid and tasty memory of my trip in Central
  America. One hour spent with the most charming old lady in Antigua.'
