Title: The Dark Alley
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-dark-alley
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Niladri Chakraborty
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '30 minutes passed by, we started to feel the uneasiness on our back. We stopped
  at a 24 hours tea shop on the ECR highway. It was more 30 minutes to Muttukadu.
  This time I was driving, Mikki on back. We had gathered information beforehand about
  the Haunted Beach on ECR. We need to look out for the Resorts on the left side of
  the road. Between them, a long stretch of deserted land on the beach will be our
  destination. There will be an alley from the highway which will lead to the Haunted
  Beach.

  After travelling another 45 minutes we understood we had missed the spot. We took
  U-turn & started moving back. We found out a very dark alley entering the beach,
  but we were unsure, as there''s one more 10 metres away from it but not so dark.

  A middle-aged man was walking on the other side of the highway. Sam called him out
  to ask him about the beach. He didn''t understand from that distant & started to
  cross the road to walk towards us. Sam asked him the way to the Haunted Beach, but
  the man denied the existence of such beach in this vicinity. We were shocked to
  hear that, though Abi was relieved. Now I took the charge and asked the man about
  a beach affected by the tsunami. And it clicked. Karikattu Kuppam, why didn''t you
  said so, he told.

  He said to follow him & started to enter the dark alley. We parked our bikes to
  follow him on foot. As we were walking towards the sound of the waves, the cool
  breeze from the sea with its strange smell hits us. I was walking beside the man
  behind others. When he suddenly startled me by saying the name again, Karikattu
  Kuppam. He told it was a bustling fishing hamlet which the former residents claim
  to be a 150-year-old settlement. The hamlet, which is deserted, abandoned temples,
  a damaged school, a completely dry overhead water tank & has dilapidated houses.
  A ghost town tag is what the place has got after the 330 families vacated the place.
  All these the chilling aftermath of December 26, 2004. And we reached the entrance
  of the hamlet, with the empty houses on both sides & a path that ends on the beach.
  I joined Abi, Sam & Mikki who were already in awe at the state of the place. Sam
  & Mikki started to walk towards the beach when Abi said all thanks to the strange
  man & as we look behind to thank him he was already at the end of the dark alley.
  Only a part of him was visible and eventually disappeared.

  Now the breeze was much chiller as it ran through my spine. Abi looked at me said
  nothing & walked towards the beach.'
