Title: The stare of reality
DateModified: '2018-02-11'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-stare-of-reality
SetInCountry: Ghana
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Gloria Amo Aidoo
AuthorCountry: Ghana
Text: With beautiful beams of sunlight streaming into my room through the louvers,
  I eagerly jumped out of bed knowing this was the day to travel out of Winneba. Honestly
  I couldn't sleep the night before. I could only lie in bed, stare at the ceiling
  and count the compartments over and over again. I had never travelled out of Winneba
  so all I could do was to imagine how the other places looked like. "Does the sky
  in Accra appear pink? Or even red. Is the ground in Accra blue or green". These
  and many thoughts rushed through my mind. Just when sleep embraced me, I found myself
  in dreamland. In the dream, I was in a bus going to Accra. Just at the outskirts
  of Winneba, the sky started changing from faint blue to pink. The intensity of the
  colour increased till it turned hot pink. That was when I heard the mate shout,
  "bus stop". It was a beautiful sight. As I alighted from the bus, my feet was welcomed
  with a green soil. People in Accra were all yellow in complexion. As I shouted "yes!
  my guess was right, I came to the realization it had been a dream all this while.
  I then had to lay back till the beams of the morning sunlight said its good morning
  greetings.  "Good morning mom", I pecked. Within a twinkle of an eye I was ready
  in my best outfits waiting for mom to lead the way. Infact breakfast was out of
  question. Nothing could delay me from seeing the world outside Winneba. Within minutes
  mom was ready and i joyfully followed as she led the way out. Luckily there was
  only one empty seat left and from there one could get a broader and better view
  of the outside world. The driver took off and I was all smiles. I was keenly staring
  at the sky. Seconds went by, minutes passed and soon hours followed. Nothing seemed
  to be changing. I waited patiently thinking we were still in Winneba. Hours later,
  the bus came to a stop."This is our last stop" said the mate. I shouted, back "please
  we are going to Accra".  I was told we were in Accra. Infact the bus was almost
  empty as people rushed out. My dear, you can't imagine how stunned i was. It was
  very busy with normal complexioned people going up and down everywhere. Nothing
  looked like we were out of Winneba except for several people busily walking around
  and minding their own business. Even that could be observed in Winneba every market
  day. Funny enough, though my first time outside Winneba, There were places i could
  relate to in most of my dreams. Honestly, I even along the line forgot I was out
  of Winneba.
