Title: The Touch of The clouds
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-touch-of-the-clouds
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Akshanu Sachdeva
AuthorCountry: India
Text: One of the most blissful and heart touching experience of my life took place
  on the 2nd of October 2017 . I went on a college trip with one of my mechanical
  buddy to Mcleodganj,Dharanshala. First few hours of the bus travelling experience
  were not as expected ,but then we made friends with our neighbouring girls group(consisted
  of four members).After having dinner at one of the passing by restaurant we set
  all the way to mcleodganj. We made it to the dharmsala at 6:00 in the morning, after
  having a nice bath and a breakfast we the group of 60 people set our feet for the
  Bhagsu waterfall. While climbing to reach the waterfall top..the best we experienced
  was the markets.Though the sun was shining brightly upon us but couldn't feel a
  thing about it because I was much involved in absorbing the beauty of the scene.The
  purest sound that I could hear, was the water hitting the rocks while flowing down
  the mountains.After having a 20 min photo session on waterfall we had a power break
  at shiva cafe, it was the place where I had the most delicious Maggi and cheese
  sandwich of my life.After refuelling our body we set back for the hotel and had
  a strong tea on the way.The day ended with a energetic dj party.Now comes the main
  day, we were all set for trek to the "Triund point" (altitude 9500 ft. above sea
  level).The trek was approx. 4-5 km.The first few kilometres, everyone was really
  energetic w skipped all the energy meals in between.After reaching the check post
  we stayed there for a while and refuelled ourselves. After traversing the check
  post we started to feel tired at a higher frequency ,ie. at a very small distance
  intervals.So on our 5th break we sat at the edge of the mountain where I experienced
  the clouds for the first time so closely.Since the wind was in the upward direction
  so the clouds were moving upwards ,on their way was each one of our faces creating
  bait of mechanical turbulence,.It felt like a greek goddess is blowing kiss towards
  me ,all the fragrance of watering lowered temperature made me feel like the luckiest
  person on earth to experience this.On our way to the triund point we experienced
  a heavy rain ,the rocks turned more slippery.But somehow we made it to the point
  by 5:30 pm. Each one of us was wet ,some were weak, and others were trembling, temperature
  was 4 deg.After we set the camp and lit the Campfire everyone dried themselves and
  were stable to share there experience of the trek along with enjoying some boiled
  rice and kidney beans.
