Title: 'The Stray '
DateModified: '2018-01-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-stray
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jessamy Tredinnick
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: After a big day of exploring Osaka, I discovered a waterside walkway that led
  from the bustling Dotonbori to quiet local neighbourhoods. As I followed the path,
  I began to wander into an area where tents lined the street, assumably owned by
  a homeless community. Despite Japan being a safe country, I quickened my step to
  move through this zone, but I slowed again after hearing a pained whine. As I looked
  for the source of the noise, the whining became more distressed and loud. Following
  the sound, I stumbled upon a large dog, with matted fur and an obvious limp. I was
  unsure of what to do in this situation, but carefully pulled out my water bottle
  for the wounded dog. I had not internet connection, no idea what the emergency services
  for animals were like in Japan or if the dog belonged to someone. I looked around
  but I couldn't see anybody else on the pier. I poured some water near the dog, hoping
  it may take a drink, but it just slowly limped away from me. I stood, watching the
  dog for several minutes, unsure of my next move. It was then an older, disheveled
  Japanese homeless man began to approach me. He called out to me, thanking me in
  Japanese. My language skills were poor, so I attempted to ask him whether the dog
  belonged to him. I only knew the word dog, so I attempted to say it in his language
  while pointing to the animal. In Japanese, 'inu' means dog. While I thought I was
  asking the man about his inu, I had actually gotten my wording confused. Instead,
  I pointed to the dog and repeated the word 'niku,' which translates to meat. It
  was only after repeating it several times and receiving a very confused look from
  the old man that I realised, I had been asking this poor, homeless person whether
  his beloved dog, was is lunch.
