Title: The disaster that pushed me away.
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-disaster-that-pushed-me-away
SetInCountry: Puerto Rico
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Marcos Vega
AuthorCountry: Puerto Rico
Text: 'From my birth, I''ve been living surrounded by water. At the north with the
  Atlantic Ocean and south with the Caribbean sea, I found a beach everywhere I go.
  Living on a small island in the Caribbean, in the center of the Americas, some say
  I live in a paradise.


  I wake up every morning with the sound of the waves on my ears and the sun coming
  through my window with no need for an alarm. Perfect weather all year round make
  me go out and explore the island. Boat rides, beaches, rivers, lagoons and more
  I have the opportunity to see and do each year. Every year millions of people visit
  my island but not all of them get to know it like I do.


  But sometimes I asked myself what else is out there. That exact moment the island
  became much smaller in my head than it really is. A need for adventure and exploring
  is growing inside of me. With help of the internet, I was able to escape the island
  and go to far away places I have never seen before. Dreaming of going far away but
  it''s not today.


  The island is in imminent danger. The biggest hurricane of the century is nearby
  and I don''t know if the island will survive this catastrophic event. If I don''t
  make it my biggest regret will be not to have the courage for leaving the island.
  Trees down, broken windows, water everywhere and the hurricane finally left us.
  The island is damaged.


  This event marked my life but make me do the impossible. After a couple of days
  after the big disaster, I decided it was my time to see what''s out there. Not sure
  of I was doing I bought a plane ticket to the other side of the world. I was going
  to finally visit those places that were on my computer screen almost every day.


  Afraid of what I will encounter in those new places I wasn''t sure if I will be
  able to do it. With my ticket on one hand and my backpack, I called a taxi not realizing
  that I was about to leave the island that gave me so much and I was so thankful
  for. Saying goodbye to my friends and family before boarding my flight was hard
  but I just kept looking at my plane ticket and thinking of the new places and the
  new people I will meet along the way.


  Watching down from the airplane window was difficult. After the hurricane, my island
  of Puerto Rico was damaged and I wasn''t sure if I will go back. I''m sure while
  I explore those places it will heal and take me back to the island I used to know.'
