Title: The power of USA
DateModified: '2018-02-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-power-of-usa
SetInCountry: Malawi
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Meclina Chirwa
AuthorCountry: Malawi
Text: 'Travelling is one of the most exciting thing. When I saw this fellowship I
  was very happy and excited because through travelling you learn a lot of things
  and expose yourself to new developments that can also improve your livelihood as
  a human being. It is for this reason that I have expressed my interest in this fellowship
  so that I can learn things that can also boost my career through the topic that
  I have chosen because I will understand some issues that I don''t know.


  As stated in the first box that my topic of my travel story is the power of USA.

  I have a lot of  questions about this country. I wonder why America controls and
  regulate the economy of the world. It is a fact that the powerful currency in the
  world is pound seconded by Euro and then dollar, but dollar is the most used one
  unlike the other currencies. I would like to really find out what''s the secret
  behind. It also seems like most countries are rely on the economy of USA, I have
  been looking for this opportunity to have answers for my questions and worries.

  Secondly is the issue of democracy. In most countries there are Democratic governments
  yet the element of dictatorship is still there. It suprises me as to why most countries
  especially African countries fail to comply with the terms of democracy. Violation
  of human rights is just everywhere and you come to wonder as to why people are suffering
  in a democratic world. But in America its a different story. Now I would like to
  know and find out why America maintain its ideologies especially on democracy. The
  other issue is on elections. Elections in USA attracts almost everyone around the
  world. And also in America there are only two political parties but in my country
  Malawi, a small country with a population of eighteen million but has about fifty
  political parties and when it comes to elections issued of rigging are everywhere
  parties complain that they have been robbed yet in America elections are done smoothly
  without problems. That is another thing I would like to find out and write in my
  story. I really want to know why America is more powerful than any other country
  in the world. I heard also that the wars and disagreements happening in some countries
  especially in Africa are provoked by USA. Indeed America has power and controls
  the world, that''s what I intend to write about and infirm the world because I know
  that its not only me with such questions there are also people out there who have
  the same questions but no responses..'
