Title: The Pangalanes Canal
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-pangalanes-canal
SetInCountry: France
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Louis-Philippe Sebas
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'On May 24, 2016, while traveling in Madagascar, I set out to lower the Pangalanes
  canal between Mahanoro and Mannanjary, a distance of 155km over 3 days.

  On the banks of the river port the loading of the boats began. A little lost, a
  young woman named Volana, questioned me to know where I wanted to go. I told him
  that I wanted to go to Manakara. She explained that my trip will be to Mananjary,
  and that the rest of my trip will be in bush taxi because the door of the canal
  between mananjary and Manakara is impracticable. She also advised me to travel on
  a freight boat that I will be more comfortable and that there are fewer stops. She
  negotiated for me and here is my ticket in my pocket to continue my journey. Important
  thing to know about Madagascar schedules do not exist. The departure initially planned
  at 7am was only in theory. Not knowing the exact time of the departure of the boat
  I observed the scenes which unfolded before my eyes. It''s like I watch several
  TV channels. While waiting for the loading of the boat. I met guys who played table
  football. I met a young woman who operated a pump to draw water. Not to mention
  the many children intrigued by my dreadlocks.


  It was 11H when the captain gave the order to embark to leave for Mananjary. Here
  I am on board with a dozen people and a quantity of goods of which only captain
  knew the weight. These famous bush boats have a very popular name that I understood
  meaning after listening to the sound of the engine. Katak kata. Initially my trip
  to Mananjary was to last 12H but given the delay of 4 hours my arrival time was,
  to this very precise, defined by the speed of my means of transport and scheduled
  stops. Volana, explained to me the advantages and disadvantages of traveling on
  this type of transport. She told me a legend, which says that during the passage
  of the mouth it is advisable not to speak so as not to awaken the spirits of the
  river. Surprisingly when the boat was approaching the mouth I could see an indefinable
  silence in the boat. Volana did a good part of the trip with me, she made it her
  mission to make my trip enjoyable as an interpreter. I learned that Volana was a
  shopkeeper and that she often traveled on pangalanes to fetch goods from Mahanoro.
  But our roads separated at Nosy Varika which was its final destination, a few kilometers
  before Mananjary. This human connection with Volana, boosted me for the rest of
  my trip and confirmed that we always make beautiful encounters during travel.'
