Title: 'The Sunrise! '
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-sunrise
SetInCountry: Hong Kong
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Kit Man Cheung
AuthorCountry: Hong Kong
Text: 'Sunset.

  Looking at the sun setting behind the peak of Mount Everest makes me feel so small.

  This morning, just in case, we bought 3 bags of oxygen.

  When we arrive at RongBuSi, probably the highest monastery in the world (altitude:
  5,200m), it is already dark. One of the staff ushers us to our bedroom.

  We stop in front of a wooden hut. I can see inside the dimly lit room three elongated,
  wooden, thinly carpeted benches attached to the sides of each wooden wall in the
  room. In the middle of the room lies a few wood-burning stoves with pots on top.
  The room is ablaze and stifling.

  Several nuns are sitting on the benches, praying in Tibetan. They welcome us and
  offer us hot butter milk tea.

  The room is getting more stuffy. I want to leave and I don''t know why we are here.

  I ask one of the other travelers in the room, ''Are we going to stay here tonight?''

  He answers, ''Have you paid? If yes, you are. After they leave, we will sleep on
  these benches.''

  I touch the rugs on the bench I am sitting on. I can see some black stuff sticking
  in my fingernails. Good that I have my sleeping bag.

  11:30pm

  The nuns leave. No appetite. Ready to sleep.

  12 midnight?

  I can''t stand the stuffiness and the smell of the room anymore. I take out a bottle
  of Mentholatum from my day pack and put some under my nostrils to deceive my brain.
  I have the oxygen bag right beside me, just in case.

  2am

  It is very dry and hot. I wake up. The smell of the room makes me sick. I search
  my backpack and take out a plastic bag, trying to vomit but can''t. More Mentholatum
  and for the first time, I use the oxygen bag.

  4am?

  My nose is still very dry and it is still very hot. I am sweating inside my sleeping
  bag. More Mentholatum and oxygen. Gosh! The bottle of Mentholatum is soaked in my
  sweat and its content is melting. My nose is running... Wait! How can it be dry
  and at the same time running? I rub my eyes. My goodness! I have tears coming out
  from my eyes and I don''t even realise it! I am losing my consciousness.

  It is still very deep in the night. The lights in the room are gone. Pitch-dark.
  I feel fear. I feel death.

  The oxygen bag is not working properly. I cannot breathe in any oxygen. Fear comes
  again. Will I die?

  ''Stay calm. Fear will lead you to death.'' I keep telling myself this. My travel
  companion gives me another oxygen bag.

  6am?

  Why is it still dark? More oxygen and Mentholatum.

  7am

  FINALLY! Morning is here! The sun is rising! A new day has begun! And most importantly,
  I can see it...'
