Title: The Upsetting Spanish Sand-Artist
DateModified: '2018-02-05'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-upsetting-spanish-sand-artist
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Krista Thomas
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Europe in January offers many sublime moments, but one shines. Not the one
  where my traveling companion described the meaning of ''sublime'' while we hiked
  in the Scottish Highlands. She told of a movement in art-history when painters were
  obsessed with the sublime. The very definition of this movement was embodied in
  the Scottish Highlands.  It is striking beauty, but haunted beauty, to be respected
  and feared. South of Inverness, we took to silence in the sublime Highlands with
  a new respect for beautiful danger. The moment, spot-lit in my memory, was set at
  a wine bar and accompanied by a sunset over the beaches south of Grenada. We sat
  in plastic chairs in the sand, drank red wine and ate a calming cheese and fresh
  olives. A storm began to sweep in, far enough away that we could appreciate the
  beauty. Alone, this would have been a striking memory, full of warmth and wonder,
  but not quite sublime. As the light of the losing sun sparred with the coming storm,
  I spotted an old man walking the tide. He had a limp and carried a stick. While
  seabirds circled, he did something upsetting. He plunged the stick into the sand,
  just at the ebbing tide line and began to draw, or write or something.  I watched,
  perplexed as the waves decimated his art or words or both. He moved farther down
  the beach and stick met wet sand again to etch mystery and build more frustration.
  I was ready to leave my plastic chair, run through the sand and demand that he tell
  me what he was etching only to watch it wash away. But then I remembered: I don''t
  speak the language. All I could ask would be: What you to talk in the beach now?
  Which barely even means anything to me. I was resigned to watch him move down the
  coastline, draw again, watch it disappear and turn toward the street to head home.
  I sat in a gorgeous panorama, thoroughly frustrated, annoyed at mystery. It was
  beautiful and awful. All because I don''t speak the language, and not just Spanish.
  I don''t speak the language of an old man writing in the sand something to wash
  away. The last time I was fluent in that, I was a child. I don''t speak the language
  of mystery, of things that are beautiful and terrible. But the experience of the
  sublime taught me that I need to learn.  For the look of peace on the old man''s
  face and the secret scratchings of his stick in the sand. And, so that I can ask
  others who speak this language, even if timidly at first: What you to talk in the
  beach now?'
