Title: The Truth Is
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-truth-is
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Vally O'Connor
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: My feet were icy cold. As I rubbed them against each other a strange feeling
  began to overtake me making my chest feel all the heavier. The air turned into a
  thick substance as the morning breeze seeped through the cracks of the small crowded
  room. I clutched my chest feeling my heart pulse throughout my body. I was alive
  and well. I was the lucky one that got away. A couple of feet below me, it was not
  the case for my roommate. I refused to look at the empty bed. Tears began to fall
  as my breath became deeper at the loss.Two days ago, we were all laughing at the
  silly looking Baboons sitting nonchalantly on the sides of the narrow roads of Kenya.
  48 hours ago, we sat hungry for adventure, enjoying the bumpy ride through the grand
  rift valley. Only days ago I sat on a plane excited about landing. I envisioned
  me dancing with the beautiful woman on the corner. I saw the team marveling at the
  exotic fruits that hang from sticks in the small shacks of the marketplace. I imagined
  us climbing rugged mountains, giving fresh water to the children that would soon
  crowd around us. I was in no way ready to experience death. I failed to prepare
  my mind, heart, and pen for what life MIGHT bring to a group of artists ready to
  share their story, after all, that's what writers do, they tell stories. However,
  Somewhere along the narrow lines on the white dipped paper, I forgot that before
  I am a writer looking for a story, I am a human being. Experiencing as everyone
  else is. Recently, someone reminded me of what adventure really means. For people
  who love a good story, we forget that life is a grand story. We travel the globe
  to meet beauty, peace, and culture, soaking in the connection that unity brings.
  Even still, we have this way of hiding behind our words. We allow the work to act
  as a wall that keeps us on a path safe from the reality of life. It keeps the writer
  exclusive and comfortable. I was unaware that I was keeping the best part of the
  adventure out; the journey. The truth is that life doesn't need our permission.
  We cannot control what happens off of the pages. We can't write in what will happen
  next, we can only prepare. This is what it means to tell a story and to live within
  an adventure. To let go and trust our capacity. To breathe and let every experience
  write another letter in the word because we are but one word in this cosmic book.
  It means to hold on for the ride and only graciously namaste when life itself, brings
  you the last thing you expected.
