Title: The Secret Life of Tea
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-secret-life-of-tea
SetInCountry: Korea South
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Patricia  Alcay Beltran
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'It was late May when I found myself riding in an old pickup truck on a bumpy
  dirt road on the foothills of the sacred Mount Jiri, in South Korea. Headed to what
  was my first inmersion in the world of tea and also my first stay in a Buddhists
  temple. Gucheungam, a small hermitage hidden in the mountain forest and inhabited
  only by a monk, a 9-year-old child, and an old lady tending the kitchen, was my
  door to the interesting world of tea making.

  The hermitage specializes in making Bario Cha, a traditionally fermented tea handmade
  by monks and volunteers. Bario tea tastes a bit like black tea, with a light rusty
  tint. Soon after my arrival, I was gladly surprised to see that the tea shrubs are
  left to grow unattended. In contrast to what I have seen in other places, no trimming
  takes place, and only the most tender leaves are handpicked during the spring months.
  Once harvested, the leaves go through a simple yet delicate series of steps leading
  to its fermentation.

  Tea is used as a medium to connect with the Deity. At Gucheungam temple, presided
  by its one thousand white Buddha statues gently observing the visitor, tea is always
  part of the food offering. And tea is also part of the daily life, ever present
  after the modest monastic meals.

  I was once again surprised when I witnessed their tea ceremony for the first time.
  In contrast with the strict and elegant Japanese tea ceremony, the Korean ceremony
  is heartwarming, informal, and relaxed like a family reunion.

  In front of the low wooden table anyone who reaches the hermitage, whether pilgrim,
  hiker, or tourist of any creed, is welcomed to seat and share the ritual. The officiant,
  usually the monk, immerses in the tea making process while engaging in entertaining
  conversations with the participants. Tea is brewed, served, and the leftover discarded
  in an infinite loop. Stories are told, laughter fills the air, and only when the
  participants make explicitly clear that they have had their fill of tea, does the
  officiant stop filling their cups. After some weeks, I was allowed to lead the ceremony
  a couple of times. I will never forget how I nervously followed the steps while
  guiding the guest in their experience.

  It is true that it was mere curiosity to learn about the elaboration of tea which
  led me to Gucheungam. But by the time I left the hermitage, I had found a welcoming
  new family and a way to find and share inner peace through the process of tea making.'
