Title: The Land Between
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-land-between
SetInCountry: Israel
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Elena Hardy
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: The sun rises on my last morning in Jerusalem, casting shades of pink and orange
  across the sky from the east and illuminating the stone buildings and houses. Children
  walking to school and distant calls-to-prayer contribute to the soundtrack of the
  morning which accompanies the rhythm of life. I decide to walk around the city one
  last time. I can't deny the uneasiness in my stomach, but uneasiness is a frequent
  companion in this city, an almost tangible presence. I emerge onto Jaffa Street,
  and make my way to the shuk, the large outdoor market. The buzz of exchange between
  vendors and customers announces my arrival, personal space becoming a thing of the
  past as I enter the long, roof-covered corridor filled with booths and a crowd of
  people. Immediately I am engulfed in the rush of shoppers, surrounded by a variety
  of sights, smells and a mixture of Arabic, Hebrew and English. A grandmother, her
  face overtaken by wrinkles, shakes her hand at a man weighing out vegetables. I
  float through the market, taking in the candies, the mounds of spices and tea leaves,
  the almonds and walnuts, the piles of mangoes and pomegranates, the freshly baked
  pastries, the pungent smell of meat, the colorful array of vegetables and the intriguing
  mix of humans milling about, each with a unique story. I reach the end of the market
  and am greeted with a fresh breeze of air. While glancing back, I accidentally bump
  into someone. Looking up, I apologize to the young woman and take in her olive green,
  IDF uniform and the large weapon in her hands. Then I notice her bright smile, sparkling
  green eyes and wild head of brown curls. This girl is younger than me, but seems
  older in the way she carries herself and the uniform she wears. She has a huge responsibility,
  but this woman looks proud and intelligent. She asks me where I am from and after
  a pleasant conversation, the young woman, Naomi, and I part ways. I then wait for
  the light rail, watching those around me. An elderly man, Eastern European by the
  looks of him, wears a cap and leans on his cane, while a young woman in tight jeans,
  a leather jacket and earbuds stands directly next to him. The contrast of old and
  young stands out to me like the contrast of the new and old of the city, the sleek
  design of the light rail against the backdrop of a city made of stone. I feel like
  a thread and Jerusalem is a quilt. History, struggle, hope, war, and peace are threaded
  together to make up this beautiful, complicated land.
