Title: The most sincere birthday wish
DateModified: '2018-01-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-most-sincere-birthday-wish
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Giulia Moy Bozzetti
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'That night I was supposed to celebrate with the same boring people I can''t
  stand because, that''s what a good friend does, right? It was my friend Serena''s
  birthday and we were in Cava d''Aliga, in Sicily. All at once she came to me and
  said: "Okay, we have to do something different tonight". Of course I was a bit suspicious
  knowing that Serena had always life endangering ideas, but I decided to give her
  a chance and I said okay. Literally 10 minutes later we were at this incredible
  beach, in the dark, and the only light we had was the sparkling moon reflecting
  on the surface of the sea. It was a clear night and the mild wind reached the waves
  and ran back to us with the sound of their movement still in it. It was magical
  and like that I decided to close my eyes and got lost in the moment. The sand under
  my feet was slightly humid and it made it so fresh that I started getting chills
  all over my body. I reopened my eyes and I looked behind me. The distant city lights
  surrounded us like a crown adorned with shining gold. Nature is such a mystical
  entity to me, she melts with humans'' creations and with her touch transforms everyhing
  in art. My spirit was at peace. Serena looked at me with sparkling eyes: " We should
  skinny dip!". So we took of all our clothes off and approached the water. The waves
  welcomed us to their universe. Before I knew it, I was floating in the sea. The
  sensations I had were indescribable. Constellations and clouds looked a little bit
  closer. I raised up my arm and I realised that I was bathing in the stars, my body
  was soaking every moment the universe had to give. Under me the salty water sustained
  my limbs and it felt like gravity was lost. My hair moved freely in that infinite
  black canvas and I can''t express with words how I felt in that exact moment. Probably
  Serena already headed back to the beach but I couldn''t notice. When I raised my
  head up and I stood up in the sea I felt a little bit like the moon. Right in that
  moment I had her same prospective, but at the same time I felt so small and vulnerable.
  I had no words. Serena and I came back home by foot and during the time we took
  from the beach to her place we didn''t say much. We just looked at each other and
  with low voice I said: " I think that Mother Nature wished you Happy Birthday tonight"
  she smiled and looked right in front of her and answered: " Yeah, I definitely think
  so."'
