Title: 'The desert and the poetry '
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-desert-and-the-poetry
SetInCountry: Oman
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Romina  Flemma
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'One of the most extraordinary place you can encounter in the varied Oman landscape
  is its infinite desert that covers seventh percent of the country.

  Westerneners have always been attracted to the boundless dimension of Arab deserts.
  No explorer was exempt from the spell casted by these lands, at the same time desolated
  and magnificent: endless and immense areas that never seem to end, the silence,
  the sound of the wind on the dunes.

  Whether it is made up of high sand dunes or rocky surfaces, the desert charm will
  conquer us each time with its vigorous and austere beauty.

  The southern part of Oman territory is occupied by Rub''al-Khali, one of the largest
  deserts in the world. Its Arabic name means the Empty Quarter, because it is covers
  a quarter of the Arabian Peninsula. The "Desert of the Deserts", as it is called,
  is one of the few place of the earth to be still unexplored. It covers an aera of
  650,000 Km2. It has the approximate shape of a rectangle that mainly occupies the
  territory of Saudi Arabia and to a lesser extent the territories od Saudi Arabia
  and to lesser extent the territories of Yemen, Oman and UAE. Here the dune are magnificent,
  with colors ranging from yellow to red. In this wild aera there are no fixed tented
  camps and the only way to spend the night is with mobile camps. We went 80km inland,
  with our convoy of 7 off-road vehicles, stopping at the first high dunes.The more
  we get into the Rub''al-Khali the more the dunes become tall and without interruption.
  The desert is extraordinary, with its captivating beauty and with its austere danger.
  Emotions run high. At sunset we remains mesmerized by this delirium of endless polychrome
  dunes that stretch in front of our ayes. even our soul is naked facing the simplicity
  of this landscape: so inhospitable but so magnificent, so sublime but so cruel.

  Wilfred Thesiger wrote in ArabianSands, about his travels with the Beduins in the
  Empty Quarter: "No one can lead this life and remain unchanged forever ..He will
  always bring with him the imprint of the desert..."

  It is not only the desert that hypnotizes us but also its people. People who remains
  simple in their soul and kind in their behaviour. The desert enters their eyes giving
  an intense and deep look. The wind blow strongly through deep wrinkles face, the
  almost unbearable heat seems capable of evaporating the impurity from their thoughts.'
