Title: the endless wonders of Japan
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-endless-wonders-of-japan
SetInCountry: Germany
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Hannes Braeuer
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: 'When I first arrived Japan, I was amazed by this huge variety of colours, hopping
  from one screen to the next, touching pedestrians and plunging the streets into
  light facets, that could have easily been an open-air dancefloor. But not just this
  competition of colours, of advertises, longing loud and shiny for your attention,
  but also the speed in everything left me standing stunned. Everything around me
  seamed like a well-studyied choreography. As if everyone tries to impress by walking
  pace, wonderful harmonious coordination of daily movements and accurate, but inconspicuous
  behaviour. Developed that image of a well rehearsed and flowering intellectual and
  technical country, I learned, that many of the young japanese aren''t attracted
  to the countryside any more, loosing the feel and understanding for nature and our
  food chain. Teru, a local teacher told me of kids and even grown-ups, not knowing,
  where their shopping is from, not to mention how it is produced. Back home in Germany
  I had made equal experiences, when kids told me, milk is from the supermarket and
  not from the cows. I couldn''t believe this detachment from nature. Tokio gave me
  culture, gave me light and noisiness, innovations and knowledge, but I came to Japan,
  to see the countryside, to visit friends. Some 6 hours shinkansen-ride and several
  bus rides later, I found myself in a small town in the middle of nowhere. I enjoyed
  the warm-hearted japanese family of my friend, cooking, laughing and playing chess
  with me. I felt nohing but  the magic, when the warmth of their onzen clasped around
  me and showed me a beautiful view over the local mountains. Only the last shrein
  seperated me from the wild. I longed for that, I wanted to see the peak of the mountains
  there, I could not imagine something more beautiful. So I started off for the ascent
  the next day, climbing and hiking my way up to the shimmering snow covered top of
  it all. I wasn''t able to reach the peak without a break, so I decided to stop on
  a beautiful clearing, with a view, that I wished for pencil and paper to keep it.
  Suddenly something red attracted my focus. And there was my moment. I ran down to
  that red stimulus, that catched my eye and could not believe it. I was in the middle
  of nowhere, up in the mountains and I found: a coffee vending machine. An ironic
  symbol for Japan, wherever you go, how far you think, your away from the center
  of the cities, you will find coffee machines everywhere.'
