Title: 'The Blind-folded People of Corsica '
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-blind-folded-people-of-corsica
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Briska Mohammed
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'At port Livorno, I embarked on a ferry onto the Liguarian sea towards an island
  of curious mysteries. An island, that despite its beauty, had the reputation of
  the highest per capita murder rate in all of Europe, unwelcoming natives, and a
  vast troublous history. As we arrived at the port, there it was, the untethered
  beauty and home of Napoleon Bonaparte: Corsica. During the next few days, I traveled
  through the lesser taken roads and visited the lesser known spots, conversed with
  Corsicans, and ate their cuisine. The wide stretches of land with little to no human
  construction was freshening for the eyes and soothing for the soul. I stayed a couple
  of days at a seaside campsite that was inhabited by Germans and Italians, both nations
  having had occupation of the now French occupied land at one point. They told me
  their bungalows had been burned down twice in the past couple of decades by Coriscan
  mafias, but they did not see even the Corsican mafia as aggressive. The Corsican
  mafia had escorted them out of their houses politely to a spot on the beach while
  explaining to them why this was a necessary evil - a protest again the French occupation.
  During the short-lived liberation of the Corsicans, led by Pascuale Paoli, the Corsicans
  established a consituition, opened institutions, and even reinstated the 13th century
  blindfolded moor''s head flag with the change of moving the bandana from the eyes
  onto the forehead as a sign of their liberation. During this time, they also passed
  many environmetal laws that preserved kilometers of land from being constructed
  on. This was evident during my roadtrip throughout the island, as I witnessed the
  rawest nature I had seen in a long time. While paddling on a chipped paddle-board
  I found on an empty beach, I ran into some locals and decided to strike a rather
  sensitive conversation. I started as usual, "Hello, I don''t speak Corsican, any
  chance you speak English?". "Yes, I do," answered the young man after translating
  to his friends. After some small talk, I dove right in, "I have been catered to
  beautifully by your people. Do you think it is misconception that Corsicans can''t
  stand foreigners?" "You said ''I don''t speak Corsican'' when you approached me.
  That is the recognition we are fighting for and that sentence made you my honored
  guest". It then occured to me, my journey throughout Corsica was not what I had
  anticipated it to be due to one fact: I had treated the Corsican people with a bandana
  on their forehead.'
