Title: The bus trip to nirvana
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-bus-trip-to-nirvana
SetInCountry: China
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: marcella amaya
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: It's stop number 4 into 6 hours of our 10 hour bus trip through Shuzheng Valley's
  switch back roads along the Jailing River. Was it another restroom break that I
  swore I'd never take after the first one. Maybe it the smell that felt like a smack
  in the face as I disembarked from the bus or how I had to contort my body so I could
  hover over the hole in the ground? No, I believe it was the fee that I had to pay
  to pee. It wasn't the best beginning into our voyage to China's Jiuzhaigou national
  park. Our friends recommended this jewel of lakes and mountains that really hadn't
  been explored by outsiders. As a seasoned traveler to China, I longed to discover
  this part of the country. But I would need to survive this never ending bus trip
  to nirvana. Yes the paved roads would disappear into to dirt ones, the unpadded
  seats couldn't serve as shock protectors against the jostles and bumps my bum would
  endure and as we climbed up in elevation, the roads became glazed in ice, the journey
  was truly enlightening. I experienced a sensation of deja vu as the landscape was
  almost the same as the Sacred Valley in Peru.  But it was the ornate temples and
  colorful prayer flags dotting the landscape that gave me glimpses into the Tibetan
  landscape and villages. So at stops 5 through 7, we got to explore different food
  market and stock up on snacks. Grilled yaks sticks with dipping sauce, a bit chewy
  but edible. Taking a photo op on top of a massive white yak on a picturesque lake,
  I certainly couldn't pass up the opportunity.  Scored big time gifts of textiles
  and  luxurious scarves weaved from silk. The scenery itself was definitely unexpected
  and the mountain range that would rise against the sky was an awesome highlight.
  We knew our journey was coming to a close has we began the twisty descent towards
  the park and the temperature dropped along with the setting sun. Sure chapters of
  books were read and playlists were played on repeat to pass the time, but I'm always
  surprised how the trek to get to your final destination takes on a slow yet vivid
  memory while the rest of it seems like a blurred flashback.
