Title: The Wake
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-wake
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Lauren Bishopp
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'I spotted her across the hall, conversing modestly with three suited men. She
  had a grave look, a forced smile to show regard to her guests. I hadn''t seen her
  since I heard the news. Unwilling to interrupt, I hovered slowly past, to which
  she quickly excused herself and rushed over. Immediately, we embraced, tears pooling.
  "I''m so sorry, Yuki-san," I whispered. "Thanks so much for coming," she replied,
  "please stay on at the end, we will have a small dinner together."

  Lifting my gaze, I was surprised by the elaborate display. Flooded with light, colourful
  flowers filled the temple with an aromatic sweet smell, contrasting with the musky
  clouds of incense. Golf clubs and crates of Asahi piled up on the right, and a large
  handsome portrait framed in gold dominated the centre.

  I thought to a week before when we had shared a dinner together in their home. Hiro
  asked how I was and if I had started running again. I explained I didn''t have the
  confidence as there was still a lot of ice. With a stern look, he told me, "never
  give up". That was the last time I saw him.

  Suddenly, silence spread and the Buddhist Priest, dressed in white, softly began
  a chant to the meditative sounds of drums, gongs and singing bowls. Swinging a large
  lantern, plumes of smoke rose around the white coffin which lay discretely beneath
  the stage. The sutra absorbed me, and I was overwhelmed by my thoughts and feelings
  of this cultural experience and of saying farewell to my friend.

  Afterwards, a small meal was set for family and special guests of traditional and
  elegant dishes served in beautiful trays and bowls over a low rise lacquer table
  elaborately decorated in black and gold. I did not have an appetite.

  Yuki, her eyes sunken and glazed, confessed to me her tiredness and wish for it
  to end. She had suffered this experience three times already in a few short months:
  of her mother, father, sister-in-law, and now, her husband. Heartbroken, she expressed
  her guilt as she began to think that this had happened because of something she
  had or had not done. I assured her it couldn''t be. But how could she know, without
  any explanation or a chance for there ever to be one? Hiro didn''t leave a note,
  not for his son who found him hanging from the stairs, nor for his wife who was
  at her father''s funeral at the time. I admitted I could not fathom how she could
  cope. She took my hand in hers, smiled gently and said, "just having you here to
  support me gives me the courage to face every new day."'
