Title: The power of beauty
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/the-power-of-beauty
SetInCountry: Great Britain
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Marianna Pinzarrone
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'London is one of the most important cities in the world, it''s so alive, rich,
  cosmopolitan and typically British at the same time. Everyone knows London and many
  have been there at least once in their lives - it''s no coincidence that it''s the
  second most visited city in the world -, well, I''ve been there too; I was 17 and
  it was my first real trip.

  As a very touristy city, I knew what to expect. We''re talking about the capital
  of England and, come on, who has never seen images, photos or videos of its monuments,
  its streets, its locals? I couldn''t wait to start this adventure, I had set the
  countdown on my phone for over two months and I had prepared everything needed for
  the trip meticulously. The day of departure I was ready... and really excited, I
  would have spent the following 2 weeks in England.

  Leaving from southern Italy the flight lasted 3 hours and I arrived in the late
  afternoon. I would have stayed in an English college - London 4 - and spent the
  rest of the day unpacking; the real adventure would have begun the next morning,
  and so it was.

  I woke up early and in less than an hour I was on the metro heading to the city
  center, my program included the London Eye and the Westminster Palace as the first
  stop to visit. I arrived at my subway stop after about 20 minutes so I went out
  into the street and walked to my destination. After a while I glimpsed the london
  eye on my right, not far away, so I began to approach keeping my eyes fixed on the
  ferris wheel, and I had already started taking some pictures when something caught
  my attention. On the opposite side of the river - the london eye faces right on
  the Thames - there was the Westminster palace. There, in that precise moment I was
  breathless.

  I had organized that trip in every detail, I had thought of every need, I had prepared
  the perfect itinerary to not miss anything of that beautiful city, I thought I was
  ready for anything. But despite all this and even after seeing hundreds of images,
  photos and videos of London I would have never expected the amazement I felt when
  faced the majesty of the Westminster. I knew that morning I was there for that reason
  but I remained silent anyway, enjoying the sight in front of me.

  In that moment I experimented the magic of traveling, of how the beauty of the world
  can surprise you even when you think you''re prepared, because absolutely nothing,
  no photo, no video, no image will ever be able to replace the feeling you feel when
  you think, "I''m here, now".'
