Title: Thelost_journey
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/thelost_journey
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Harpreet Gujral
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I live in delhi and born in middle class family. I m just 20 years old. I am
  very passionate about adventure sports travelli g since when i was in school . But
  circumtances never allowed me to excecute my plans . I saw travel shows travel vedios.
  Its always excite me do somthing out of the box but there is no guidence.I always
  think about i want to travel here and there. I m a day dreamer but never get out
  of shell . One day i decided its now or never. I don'want to be settle for a normal
  life. On social media i read a bill gates qoute 'if you born poor it is not your
  mistake,but if you die poor than its your mistake' that day i changed my thinking.
  I start to do what my true callings.  I always want to host a travel show but don't
  know how to do ? What qualification i need . So i went national geographic office
  in New Delhi (India). It take me 2 hours to reach there. When i reached the security
  guards doesn't allow me to enter the office but i told them i want to know some
  information so they call their head and told about me. There is girl standing here
  and want to know somthing and need some guidance. After that the head give me some
  guidance on phone. They said there is no scope of this in india. You have to go
  abroad for this type of geners and also said if you want to host a show. some locals
  channel will be aproached you but mostly in that type of shows they always choosed
  from there production . So if you really want to do a travel show apply from different
  prespactive. I took admission in 'Delhi college of photography' college and start
  learning. Belong to a middle class family doesn't have enough in my pocket but dat
  doesn't stop me to achieve my dream. I start to explor Delhi. I explor many places
  and communicate with different people. That day i realized you don't need go anywhere.
  Just look out from the comfort zone,talk to people and go to different places in
  your city. You don't have to go different cities. just think in creative and artist
  way and you will found somthing magical. When you are ready to earn money then plan
  trips to explor different cultures.Its my first step to close my dream .  I m different
  person now. I love to communicate with locals. Last year i travelled to himachal
  pradesh. It was my first solo trip. I travelled by bus and enjoy each every moment
  of my life. It was magical. The beauty of mountains and star night. I feel i was
  in heaven. Live each and every moment of live . You have one life live the fullest.
  Its my starting and many more to come.
