Title: 'tholupavakoothu '
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/tholupavakoothu
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: sri harsha  bonthu
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '''Experience it like a true local'' is what pushed us to take this trip, into
  those tiny villages simply thriving to principle the theory of ancient arts. Out
  of all, puppetry attracted us the most.

  Couple of months before this get away , we went on a leisure trip to Kerala, where
  everything  was pre-planned , and schedules with luxurious hotels and buss, it was
  good, but  It made me feel much like a tourist rather than a traveller, this is
  when I came up with a plan, I choose to go visit  ''Tholupavakoothu''.

  Boarded a train, we reached  Palakkad at 9am, it is in Kerala the nearest station
  we could find to Shoranur, we took a bus to the village 40 kms away from there.
  Soon we noticed the clusters dropping down raising much of cultivation and tiny
  houses showcasing traditional architecture with handcrafted columns. Clued-up by
  the conductor just before our stop , we rushed to the main door excusing and pushing
  through the heavy crowed. It is almost 12 noon. The place we got down is a tiny
  community of puppeteers. Clad in a dhoti, khaddar shirt and kandava. Ramachandra
  the master of ancient puppetry is now sitting in from of us, also asked us to join
  the all night celebrations of VISHU (new year), happening take place in couple of
  hours. He offered us to stay with him.

  His house was tiny and beautiful, hour before the drive we explored the beauty his
  backyard had offered, 3 kids from that mud house stood for a photo, later offered
  us a tiny jack fruit which they grew on their land. Later he helped us drive to
  the town where the celebrations are going on. 2kms ahead of us, we heard music being
  played with toy creature showcased on palanquins. The place is totally lit with
  street lights and oil lamps. We were asked to dine at the community hall.

  Soon a bunch of people dressed up in traditional dance costumes started entertaining,
  while the elephants, decorated with ornaments are now being walked to the main temple
  hall. Now the music took its peak, the elephants started to flap their ears to it,
  while the priests raiding it perform the harati. Finding ourselves surrounded by
  people gathered to see the fireworks, which are being matched behind the puppet
  theatre, continuously for more than 30 mins, noticed it happening for every 2 hours
  till dawn.

  The traditional puppetry is played with coconut oil lamps, a white screen and pure
  leather puppets playing stories such as Ramayana and Mahabharata. Soon after the
  theatre,we waved good bye''s, they are so welcoming.'
