Title: 'Those EYES ! '
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/those-eyes
SetInCountry: India
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Ashutosh Singh
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Although I am quite a slacker,never bothered myself too much but I never knew
  my journey would turn out like the way I expected. I boarded my train from Lucknow,
  India to my hometown Rudauli,India. It was quite dense, probably misty would be
  more appropriate term. The reason was an expected seasonal downpour. It was monsoon(rainy
  season in India). Well I boarded my train which was surprisingly on time, despite
  of  the atrocious whether.

  What drew my attention was a little kid begging on the station. For a second or
  so I had an eye contact with kid. I really don''t know why or how but that eye contact
  was like a complete chapter of the of the child.His weakness,misery etc.

  Although I tried to move my eyes off the scene, the next thing that caught my eye
  was when train was on the move. soon it entered the outskirts of the city and lush
  green paddy fields were soothing my eyes. The whether again was on the move and
  clouds had shown up. Train already had pocked up speed; I encountered a farmer,
  looking upon the sky and as if cursing himself for the bad timing of clouds. Annually
  a lot of farmers die due to bad monsoon. I just encountered one of them.

  Now when I was about get off the train, a blind beggar was on his duty. I was felt
  sorry, the reason being my helpless attitude towards the poor child. I called him
  and gave him a fifty rupee note, at that particular moment a coin fell off my pocket.With
  lightning fast agility he picked it up and informed me about the ten rupee coin.
  Seconds ago a blind beggar just got his eyes back, all due to that coin. I was amazed
  to have such coin.

  I got off the train, but some questions remained.

  I thought of the child begging, for the sake of food. nobody thought about him.
  His tragic circumstances were projected through the eyes. I WAS NO HELP TO HIM.

  The farmer of a great farming nation, cramped to a hopeless tragic life, cursing
  himself. I WAS OF NO HELP.

  And again a fake blind beggar.YES! I WAS OF NO USE AGAIN.

  It was quite evident by the turn of events that I was sad. My mother asked me about
  journey, all i came up with was "It was fine".

  I suddenly thought of the issues that were no longer important for me.I thought
  of living standards, poverty, lack of opportunities,betrayal etc.

  My father was ill then.He just came up, sat by and looked in my eyes and told me
  resolve matters through actions,not by thoughts or JUST words.

  That was my last conversation with him.

  This journey was a lot more than, what I ever expected.'
