Title: Through the Lychgate
DateModified: '2018-02-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/through-the-lychgate
SetInCountry: United Kingdom
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Jessica Lohse
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I moved to England 15 years ago. It was vastly different from the typical American
  tourist''s expectation. I lived in the East Midlands, in London, then Dorset. Everywhere
  I went, I was antagonized for being American by the British under-25''s & grilled
  about "Bush''s war crimes". There were those who told me my language was wrong,
  that the British barely lost the colonies & America''s independence was a fluke.
  British ex-servicemen seemed to welcome me with affection & respect. I was stung
  by the horrors of ignorance & cruelty and also equally moved by the generosity and
  understanding of some Britons.


  Despite the polarized perspectives of those I met while abroad, I was enchanted
  by the beauty & history of those places I lived. I walked in Roman ruins, a Saxon
  cathedral where a skilled concert pianist was randomly performing on a grand piano
  to himself, I witnessed fireworks over the sea in the British Riviera near a Saxon
  village a television show had recently been shot while standing on a beach that
  featured in the introduction of Monty Python''s Flying Circus. I saw kestrels &
  eagles, walked in ancient woods, visited the ancestral home of Lady Jane Grey where
  the belladonna & nightshade still grows surrounding the elaborate effigies at her
  parent''s final resting place and treetops are kept cut even across the tops on
  the avenue since they took the young lady''s head.

  I''ve of course seen random roadside castles, a formerly sunken, ancient wooden
  ship the size of a galleon landlocked in mud, and fragrant, blossoming trees imported
  from every exotic land abroad.

  I couldn''t afford a house. Or an apartment. I was stuck as a tenant, unable to
  buy a car. I relied on the bus, where incontinent people left unfortunate leavings
  and drunks accosted total strangers, often travelling in packs.

  When I recently left, a boy of 17 in my town had been downtown celebrating the successful
  passing of his A Levels when a man passed him by in the street, slicing his throat,
  then ran. Incidents such as these seem more and more common, but you''ll never see
  a lovelier museum of war and antiquity.

  You see, not all travel stories are positive and uplifting.'
