Title: Through the stomach
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/through-the-stomach
SetInCountry: Portugal
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Manuel Rodrigues
AuthorCountry: Venezuela
Text: 'I don''t really have any big stories to tell. The situation in my country doesn''t
  leave much room for travelling. Between the economic situation making it harder
  to afford plane tickets and the growing xenophobia against Venezuelan immigrants
  trying to escape the harsh conditions, travelling has become an impossibility that
  has even spread to the inside of the nation; just this week a travel we were planning
  to visit our hometown had to be cancelled because the road has been taken over by
  muggers.


  But I''m not here to give you a mop story, and I can definitely admit that it wasn''t
  always like this. No, this is a relatively recent development and I still remember
  a time when affording a plane ticket was doable, at the very least; doable enough
  for me to run into a classmate for the first time in years in that very same plane,
  actually. This is the trip I want to speak to you about: Back in 2010 we went to
  Portugal for Christmas, to visit my father''s family. You''d think this story is
  about them, but personally speaking, the barrier language, age difference and cultural
  clash made it impossible for me to bond with any of my cousins. For the most part
  of that December, I stayed quiet. But then my father got us to this tiny pub, lodged
  away in a small alley, somewhere across a bridge which name I can''t even remember,
  and that''s where I had my first francesinha.


  The francesinha is a sandwich filled with ham, steak, sausage and other cured meats,
  covered in melt cheese and served with fries, often in a soup plate dipped with
  a thick tomato and beer sauce. It doesn''t seem like much, but the second I had
  my first bite I could feel the cold being expelled from my body and I was actually
  happy over it; happy over an experience so simple as having a bite of food rolling
  in my mouth. From that point I made it my personal quest to eat as many of them
  as I could find, keeping a list from best to worse, hearing my family saying "Look,
  they have them here!", and before I realized it, I wasn''t so quiet anymore. The
  most Portuguese I spoke was to order them; the most I interacted with people was
  to thank them for bringing it over; the most I spent was on all of them. And with
  every bite, I felt strangely happy.


  I know it might all sound silly, and that it might not be what you had expected,
  but I actually felt that connection. A connection to that part of my blood that
  I had always ignored, and that I managed to make through food. And I want more connections
  like that.'
