Title: Thumbs up!
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/thumbs-up-2
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Benjamin Galvan
AuthorCountry: France
Text: 'Stuck in my middle life boundaries and beliefs, I decided I would go outside
  to see the world. As I say, what makes a man smart is travelling. The more you see
  the world, the more you know about it and what it wants to offer you. This feeling
  grew up in me in a way I didn''t really expect, it felt like I had to go out of
  my comfort zone.

  You just cannot stop your true colors from shining through. So I let it shine and
  I only listened to my heart. Stopping every negative feeling people could mirror
  me back. And so I took the plane leaving everyone behind.


  Once in a city completely foreign to me, I wanted to hitchhike, to meet real people
  and go in the hinterland. I knew I made the right choice when I got into the first
  car. I had the most intense conversation I had in a really long time, as if the
  universe was telling me "go on, you''re on the right path".


  I was started to miss everyone from home, but the curiosity and this feeling of
  being alive reassured me. The driver had to drop me off in a little town, so pretty
  that I thank him for that one. I was percepting what I was imagining at the time,
  away from the crowded and noisy streets of New York, here the beauty was in the
  stillness of everything around. The sun shining, nature, talks, smiles, wind. Peace
  finally entered my body, when I was least expecting it. All my senses were coming
  back to life.


  A man saw me eat alone in a creek and asked me where I came from. Pedro offered
  to show me around right away. Nobody is working at 1pm in Spain, it''s so hot you
  just can''t breathe normally. He started off by showing me his place and that''s
  how I met the whole family. They''re all so loving to each other it was so good
  to see.

  Spanish is a nice language but sometimes you just don''t understand why they''re
  so loud, you guess they''re arguing but that''s their way of showing that they care.


  After a drink, I met his younger sister Carolina, a beautiful brown woman smart
  and so welcoming. Everyone went back to work when it was cooler and that gave me
  time to enjoy the country with Pedro and his sister. They offered I stay at their
  place for the night, so they could show me a little more of their beautiful country.
  A nice man I could have known in college and a woman I could date, what company!


  As soon as we went out, I felt the air passing on my body. I looked back to remember
  where I had come from, and that''s when I felt lucky. You can never know what''s
  going to happen unless you let it happen. And I let it come.'
