Title: To break balance
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/to-break-balance
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: "Estefan\xEDa Velasco"
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'To not feel settled. To not find north. To be unsteady on a faded floor / To
  be confused. To fade inside. To mingle in a grey hustle of half heard desires

  We tend to walk in a straight line drawn by the surroundings of our lives, until
  a spontaneous spark lights the dullness of our calm


  It seems to be known that a life of solid tranquillity is a life well worth living
  for. A flat surface of untouched, soft, white sand or a lush forest of symmetrical,
  vibrant, green leaves; the ideal  picture, the dreamed place, the safe retreat.
  Somehow, and breaking all predicaments set to date, looking in the mirror or reading
  my thoughts on paper while growing up would become a heavy task: the feeling of
  the person given to represent being a foreign character in hand. Great compilations
  of senseless actions would gather in a mixed illusion of a conventional routine
  and significant balloons of supressed emotions would swell my body into an unresolved
  request. Waking up, following the ones nearby, allowing time to run away; and my
  mind would move on.


  What more is there to ask for when all around seems to work just as planned? It
  is hard now, as it was back then, to point out loud the needs of a sated soul. In
  a world defined by limited extensions of natural components, fragile constructions
  of eroded materials and malleable humans of unpredictable impulses, stability cannot
  mean shortage. But, is this solid sense of tranquillity all we must reach for? Waking
  up, following the ones nearby, allowing time to run away; and my mind would stand
  to hear.


  And suddenly a life changing decision is up to disrupt the pace, to build a hidden
  door of unknown excitement; the chance to find myself again in a different light.
  The possibility of starting again shown as a wavering hope of bright colour: a trip
  to rediscover the space you have been given. Waking up, following the ones nearby,
  allowing time to run away; and my mind would take the chance.


  Being able to run free and giddy, searching for a new context, a fresh atmosphere
  and distinct resources of sweet emotion, had never felt more human. And what if
  a taste of fear could be found as every step was being taken? Shapes, colours, traditions,
  thoughts. Just another spark to reflect back on the countless nights of appreciation.
  The chance to live in the United States of America for a year while overcoming the
  mayhem of youth development, will be forever graved in my soul, held in my heart
  and projected in all I will ever be.'
