Title: To Malaga with Love.
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/to-malaga-with-love
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Akhil Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'During my Europe travel, I decided to go to a place where very few Indians
  go. After I landed in Malaga I spent my time roaming around the city, the beach,
  the Feria and the market but I felt little out of place as no one spoke English.
  So I decided to call Felipe, my local connection in Malaga. I met Felipe when he
  was working in India. He gave me his address and asked me to come for breakfast.

  Next day started with some homemade Spanish tortilla, tortilla gave me mouth orgasms.
  A small pizza-sized Omelette with potatoes stuffed inside, what else can you ask
  for breakfast.

  Felipe told me that he wants to show me the Feria. I told him that I''ve been there
  yesterday and was boring. He told me that I probably went to the touristic Feria
  and not the Real one. Now I wanted to go with him, to my surprise he was right.
  As soon as we reached the Feria and were walking towards the gate, I was so mesmerized
  by the flamenco dresses of the girls that I forgot about staring being antisocial
  in European culture, one of the girls said something and Felipe quickly responded
  probably explained that I''m not Spanish. The real Feria is the real deal, plenty
  of bars and snack shops, people walking in traditional Spanish wears, horse wagons,
  classic adventure rides, people dancing on the street. Felipe gave me some Feria
  wine called Cortajal to drink. I found it really sweet and easy to get drunk with.
  We kept going from one stall to another, I tried to enjoy dancing but I didn''t
  understand the lyrics to I just kept shaking my hips. I went nuts when someone played
  Happy by Will Farrel, I was so happy to hear something I knew that people stopped
  dancing and were just looking at me losing myself. The song finished and so did
  my crazy moment. We went out of the mini club, outside the club people were standing
  on both sides of the roads facing the road, we joined them. Then came a group of
  people wearing traditional Arabic clothes walking in front of some Christian looking
  people, I thought it was some sort of dress show. Felipe started explaining that
  the reason we celebrate Feria is the to commemorate Spanish victory over Islamic
  rulers and the Arab looking guys in the front represent being pushed out by the
  Christian looking guys. I was happy to hear about such rich and proud Spanish history
  because most of the time we hear Spain in crisis and on verge of the division. I
  was happy but really tired and decided to leave back to my hotel with a promise
  to see Felipe tomorrow.'
