Title: 'To Travel Is to Trust the Process '
DateModified: '2018-01-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/to-travel-is-to-trust-the-process
SetInCountry: Vietnam
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Makaela Bamonti
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Always trust the process. As two American women backpacking through Southeast
  Asia, trust was all we had. It was in our souls to trust the process and to trust
  that humans are inherently kind. The woman at the hostel in Cambodia booked us a
  bus to the newest and nearest border crossing going into Vietnam. The small bus
  was packed to the brim per usual and we were put in the back. Not knowing where
  we were going to end up, I kept my maps on my phone so that I could track our progress
  thanks to location services. We were headed to Ho Chi Minh City to meet my father
  for the last leg of our 6-week excursion. As we stopped in towns that looked far
  different than what we had seen thus far, we were progressively getting more weary
  about our whereabouts. We made a pit stop and out jumped the driver and passenger,
  yelling at just the two of us to get out of the van. They quickly took our heavy
  packs, threw them on two motorcycles with men in masks and told us to get on. As
  hesitate as I was, and as many questions as I was trying to ask through the chaos,
  it felt as if we had no other choice but to trust the process. This was the first
  motorcycle ride we took since being in Asia and it was quite the experience. Flying
  down the dirt road with only cows and trucks almost tipping us over, I felt free,
  yet slightly on edge and very vigilant to my surroundings. I held onto my drivers
  waist for dear life and then eventually relaxed and let it be, whatever it was going
  to be. As we got dropped off in the middle of desert land that was the border crossing,
  with no other travelers in site, we went up to the patrolmen and gave them our passports
  and visas. Skeptically, they took their time examining us, giving us the sense they
  weren't going to let us in. Here we are in the middle of nowhere, and we may not
  be crossing this border... Finally, he granted us pass and we found our way towards
  the bus station. We got thrown onto the most luxurious bus we had come across since
  being on this trip with five Vietnamese men that didn't speak a lick of English.
  They wouldn't take our money for the ride right away which made me feel uneasy,
  but after 3 hours and my hand held tight to my belongings and map, and my eyes on
  their every move, we stopped at a restaurant that ended up being the most authentic
  Vietnamese meal I have ever experienced around a table of kind Vietnamese men. We
  arrived hours later in Ho Chi Minh, safe and sound, realizing it was Trust that
  got us there.
