Title: Together, We Succeeded.
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/together-we-succeeded
SetInCountry: Greece
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Janelle Moniot
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I consider myself an extrovert. That is, when I can speak the language and know
  the people that gather around me, I really feel like I'm in my element. Now let's
  skip across the ocean to a country with a foreign tongue and breezy olive trees.
  Greece!  I spent the summer of 2014 cleaning out stalls and exercising horses. But
  these weren't pasture pets; these were beasts that competed on an Olympic-level!
  Now that I have hinted at the significance of these four-legged muscle machines,
  I feel compelled to demonstrate that I didn't know how to communicate with the people
  at the barn. Only Greek and Bulgarian was whispered down the quiet barn aisles.
  If someone was filming this experience, the blooper reel would be longer than the
  feature film. My poor attempt to understand the languages while trying to react
  in English just wasn't working. I needed to do something differently, but I couldn't
  place my finger on it. Slowly, I began to feel a soft warm thought at the base of
  my skull. The realization that I cared too much about the way I was perceived crept
  to the forefront of my mind suggesting that may be my dilemma. Well, all of this
  caring didn't get me anywhere. It was time to shed the cape of self-doubt and fear!
  It was time to realize, if I just use my hands, make gestures and in all honesty,
  act like a fool in my desperate attempt to communicate, it just might work. It was
  worth a try, I hadn't had much success with my current method. So I waved my hands,
  repeated Greek words about 50 zillion times, I made noises that surprised me, even.
  In the spirit of modesty, those were the cleanest, best kept horses in all of Northern
  Greece. Once the communication bridge was found, we shared water fights, cucumbers
  and lunches. Including myself, there were four people at the barn to groom the horses,
  after two-weeks we looked like a synchronized team of manure hauling punks. We were
  constantly pulling pranks on one another and making up funny stories. I can count
  on one hand how many times I have laughed so often. I learned that climbing out
  of the shell that my parents sealed around me presented me with opportunities and
  chances that will continue to teach me for the rest of my life. The summer of 2014
  was one of the greatest times of my life, and I can say with full assurance, if
  I hadn't made the connections with the grooms like I did, it would have been a summer
  of wood shavings stuck to sweaty arms and dusty confusion. But together, we succeeded.
