Title: Tokyo Time
DateModified: '2018-01-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/tokyo-time
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Matt Emrich
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I returned to Tokyo to enroll in an intensive Japanese language course over
  the summer, then stay on and find an apartment and a new life. The school required
  that all students live in the dormitories so there I was, at 30 years of age, living
  with a bunch of college kids who were fulfilling their entire language requirement
  in one summer. Since I''d already lived in Tokyo a few years earlier, I was eager
  to show my newfound friends a good time.


  One Saturday night I took them to Shinjuku, home to Tokyo''s most densely packed
  nightlife. Riddled with narrow, un-named alleys chock full of 5-stool ramen joints,
  love hotels and pachinko parlors, Shinjuku is one of my favorite neighborhoods in
  the world. The air was warm and humid and soon we were all buzzed and feeling good.
  It felt great to be the tour guide: I was getting to re-experience, vicariously,
  all the joy of being Somewhere Else, that elusive feeling we all search for when
  we travel. I was so caught up in the moment, I completely lost track of time and
  we had to race back to the train station (the world''s busiest) before the last
  train to Mitaka departed. Even in Tokyo, trains don''t run past midnight.


  We didn''t make it. The next train didn''t leave until 5:30 Sunday morning. We were
  stuck. None of us had any money left so we couldn''t get a room. Then I had an idea.
  Across the street was an entrance to the subway; that entrance was covered by a
  concrete platform some 10 feet off the ground. Nobody was watching so we climbed
  up to the top and lay down. Suddenly we were invisible. Below us the swirl of humanity
  carried on, the streets full of everyone else who''d missed their trains but were
  too drunk to care. We sat around and swapped stories until most of us drifted off,
  promising each other we''d be awake when the first train came by.


  It was hard to tell when dawn arrived, since Tokyo''s lights are visible from space,
  but I felt a hush come over everything. Nobody was walking around. It was like one
  of those zombie movies. The streets, normally jammed with people and bicyclists,
  were totally empty. My friends were still passed out on the platform so I climbed
  down and had the unique experience of walking through Shinjuku all alone. Studio
  Alta, empty. Takashimaya Times Square, empty. I wanted to freeze that moment in
  time, that moment when the entire city was asleep and the promise of the upcoming
  day was still fresh and dreamlike. And so, with this brief story, I''ve done so.'
