Title: Tokyo Connection
DateModified: '2018-01-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/tokyo-connection
SetInCountry: Japan
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ingrid  Cheng
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I visited Japan with my sisters during May to June of 2016. We spent two days
  in Tokyo in our first leg, then took the bullet train to Kyoto and spent five days
  there. I split off from them on the last leg of the trip because I did not have
  enough time off from work to join them in Hakone. I took the bullet train back to
  Tokyo by myself, found a hostel to stay in and planned to explore the bustling city
  further by myself. Since I got there at night, I checked in at the hostel, ate dinner,
  took a shower and went to sleep.  I woke up early to get breakfast and found Jonathan's
  restaurant. I asked if the staff there spoke English and though they were friendly
  and helpful, they didn't speak English. Fortunately, an elderly woman who was eating
  there overheard me and stood up. She smiled and waved at me. "I speak English. Come,
  let me show you how to order." The menu is bi-lingual with pictures so that helped.
  I was going to eat by myself, but she invited me to share a table with her and  told
  me she'd be my local guide after we chatted for a while.  My new friend Meiko was
  retired and had to walk 5,000 steps a day to keep healthy. She taught locals conversational
  English part-time and wanted to practice with me. She took me to the Tsukiji Fish
  Market where I got to see a guy carve a slice of meat off a giant fish's head. We
  walked to the wholesale fruit and vegetable market where the best sushi could be
  found were at small crowded restaurants. I was tempted to eat there, but the lines
  were too long. Meiko showed me around Harajuku where we ate some gyoza dumplings
  and shopped for bargains. I got a top and a pair of capri jeans for less than $10
  U.S thanks to my new friend. She also took me to a store where they sold Japanese
  snacks at a discount. I got 2 bags of snacks, some for myself and most to bring
  home as souvenirs. Meiko made the last leg of my trip the best and most memorable
  part because of her hospitality. She told me that her son loved pecans and they
  were very expensive in Japan. I said that I'd buy some for her and send them in
  the mail when I get home. We exchanged addresses and emails before we parted. I
  followed through on my words and bought a 2-pound bag of pecans to send to her as
  a thank-you gift. Meiko received my gift and was very pleased. In her last email,
  she said that her health had taken a turn for the worse. I emailed back to wish
  her well, but haven't heard back from her. That was about a year ago. I love Japan
  mostly because of her.
