Title: Train to Banaras
DateModified: '2018-02-07'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/train-to-banaras
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sheily Gupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I came here on a train that could not contain us. The aisle of which was witness
  to a lot many card games. The seats of which trembled at the sights of us gushing
  in during the night. The handrails of which that I grabbed on to with my sweaty
  palms as I stepped out.


  There is something in the air of Banaras, it is salt mostly but there is a strange
  sweetness begging for acknowledgement. The beggars snore on the footpaths as if
  they have been here for more than one lifetime. There is no plan; no intellectual
  thought flooding into my mind, the people are walking as if they have no hurry of
  getting somewhere, or anywhere! Dirty trucks hold too many people, taxis hail through
  the streets like chariots into a battleship, I wonder if they are going towards
  Kurukshetra, I wonder if Lord Krishna is still leading.


  One could almost taste the tea spice in the air of the lane-corners, where short
  men chew betel and the old wives fan the roasted corn sitting on bricks in the steamy
  August. I let a frail man pedal me on his bicycle rickshaw towards the Munshi Ghat.
  I am here to learn something. I wonder if I could ever master the art of crossing
  the streets in India.


  The Ghat boasts of ancient stories, whoever named it after Munshi Premchand was
  a genius to be sure. The water is quiet but the place is not. The wind whispers
  through my hair gently like an old lover, I never knew solace you could be found
  in a place full of so many people. The architecture stands steadily like an old
  tale smiling in nostalgia. There are too many monkeys, not the most extraordinary
  fact but quite intriguing!


  The river is bold enough to swallow the sun as the orange in the sky turns darker,
  I wonder if there is Henna in the clouds. I sit on the steps as the river glows
  in her dusky beauty. Too many souls trying to wash away their sins. I think of stepping
  into a boat but sit there in silence instead, watching it leave. There are innumerable
  metaphors in the water and the flecks of stars try hard to make us notice their
  existence. At a distance I see a Sadhu draped in Ochre robe chanting something auspicious
  as he dips his mud-coated, rope-like hair in the holy Ganga multiple times.


  Peace of mind could be reached. All we need is to take a train that could not contain
  us.'
