Title: TRANSIBERIAN DREAM
DateModified: '2018-02-10'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/transiberian-dream
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Matteo Bertozzi
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: Why someone on the earth would like to spend alone his own holiday in Sibir,
  15 days in a russian train, 2 weeks in the bike, sleeping in the tent alone in an
  unknown and mysterious island of lake bajkal and some period in a yurta in the Gobi
  desert of Mongolia? That was the main question my friends were asking me before
  I left for this crazy adventure. For me the travel is my permanent center of gravity.
  It's only when you try to change the common  point of view that you will make your
  life incredible. If great people of the past didn't fight for their ideal probably
  we will be still in the middle age of our mind. So it's with all these considerations
  and many others that I start my trip in the transiberian in july 2015. I have to
  add that I had just finished my degree in forestry and that should be my vacation
  after my graduation. Besides I chose to go to Russia because of my love for russian
  poesy, literature and landscape. This decision that pushed me to the edge was done
  also because I really needed some break after the everyday life, I needed to work
  with my soul, and to really dive in the wild side, out and far from a "safe harbour"
  as Mark Twain was saying. This trip in the third class started in Saint Petersburg
  and arrived in Vladivostock. I was really impressed from my journey that I chose
  to come back from Vladivostock to Rome by train again. This mean of transport together
  with the bike it's my favourite one because differently from the plane you can really
  know the real soul of the country and understand that during the travel (or the
  ascent of a mountain) the most important thing is not the end but what do you experience
  in the middle. To travel with the train in Sibir it was like a trip in the time
  (future and past), first because every day I should change  the time zone but second
  because, interacting with others people, I saw a world that I  didn't think it still
  exist. Indeed I can say that this trip in the past was like that in the river of
  heart of darkness/apocalypse now. It was a very particular experience to write stories
  and poems in the train and do interview to people that barely understand one word
  of english, this was the reason why I started to learn russian, even if actually
  we could speak about politic only with gestures. I will never forget any of their
  stories. In the end I can say that it is priceless and ineffable to read Anna Karenina
  and Master and Margarita in Russia, a stunning adventure that I suggest to everyone.
