Title: Traveller passion
DateModified: '2018-02-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/traveller-passion
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Viswajeeth Kuravi
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Growing up in the magnificent cities of india gives a lot of exposure and enthusiasm
  for travelling. On one such occasion a decision put me into deep desire of travelling.The
  decision that pushed me to the edge was that I wanted to travel after my studies
  and take up a job but due to turn of events in my life, travelling is the only thing
  that can push me away from those things in my life that are pulling me back. Wanting
  to travel, making plans feels surreal sometimes but that desire of traveling always
  pushes me ahead and keeps me into track till day. Making up new plans everyday,
  that someday I would travel to a place that guides me into serenity will motivate
  me with those sun kissed mornings and star felt nights always make me remember the
  wonderful path of traveling. The things in life takes number of turns but the magic
  of travelling stays as a savior to me. All this is just so called part of life but
  the traveling makes that part worth living for. Each day of life has new face to
  show so as travelling, those edge movement we enjoy in a place we love gives as
  a ray of life fulfilment. Meeting people in our journey is an important aspect which
  helps in complete understanding of the things and different aspects of life and
  people which they liveby. Everyday of the journey has a new and breathtaking events
  to show when our passion is travelling and those moments in life is all that takes
  us in the path of happiness. In my life the passion of travelling has started when
  I discovered the importance of being a traveller and enjoying it as a duty from
  heart. Even today always the life gives us an opportunity but there a somethings
  the pull you back and i want me to cut out from those barriers and takeup my passion
  into travelling with a superior level of confidence, that&apos;s where I feel my
  purpose to life lies in. Some decisions in my life has changed me and my course
  of life completely they have put me into different path, knocked me, nourished me
  sometimes but always made me held the edge even when I was pushed from the cliff
  of life. I believe decisions maybe right or wrong but always changed my life into
  something important and showed me a different ways to learn things and pull myself
  up to the expectations of life that are needed to keep my passion alive in me.

  Once traveller is always a traveller of life.'
