Title: Travel experience to mussorie
DateModified: '2018-02-08'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/travel-experience-to-mussorie
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Rajat Bhatia
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I am Rajat Bhatia i am a travel student and as well as i am a traveller. Today
  i am gonna share my experience that how was my last journey to Mussorie Uttarakhand
  (India). Well before i start my experience i am gonna tell you a little bit about
  Mussorie.Mussorie is a city in Uttarakhand (India) it is also known as the Queen
  of Hills.It was winters time me and my friend made a plan to travel to Mussorie
  that is hardly 2 hours far from my hometown so we guys went there on our motorbikes
  we guys enjoyed our journey while travelling on our motorbikes. We were chilling
  so badly we guys were enjoying at motels we loved different kind of Indian  foods
  like a village came in our journey named as Biharigadd the speciality of that village
  is their pakodi's everyone can see from the highway that every motels are famous
  for their pakodi's . People who ever travel through biharigadd n they knows about
  their speciality they will surely get rest at their motels and eat that pakodi's
  .then we take our next stopover at Dehradun that is the capital of Uttarakhand it
  is a really beautiful place to visit. The environment of Dehradun is soo pleasent
  as well as a fully developed high tech city with no pollution and a lot of greenery.the
  mountain region starts from the exit of Dehradun. And then we reached at our destination
  that is Mussorie. The enterance of Mussorie is full of motels that are famous for
  their Maggie and other Noodles and those motels are also known as Maggie points.
  So we ate some noodles there enjoyed with locals and other tourists at the side
  of mountains and we loved the taste of those Noodles. Then we went to our hotel
  we checked in there and kept our bags in our rooms and we went outside to see local
  area. It is a really beautiful city especially Mall road everyone who visit's to
  Mussorie will surely visit their Mall road its full of Showrooms,handcrafts shops,
  and a lot of fast food resturants if you guys ever visit there then you should try
  it too. Then we went to Libarary road that is famous for their environmental culture
  that place was soo beautiful i mean we were feeling like we are flying between clouds.
  And their locals are very kind and supportive they guys really helped us and whole
  night they had party with us and the next day they took us at kempti fall that is
  a water fall in Mussorie and the waterfall in mussorie is really beautiful at that
  time it was frozen and it was looking like a watefall of crystal and
