Title: 'Travelling to refugees '
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/travelling-to-refugees
SetInCountry: Ethiopia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Stefan  Schirm
AuthorCountry: Germany
Text: After being a commissioning engineer for 15 years i decided for a change and
  changed for a job as an tecnical auditor. My first trip lead me to a refugee camp
  called Nguenyyiel in west Ethiopia closed to the Sudan border. The conflict there
  is already forgotten by the media but still on going. More than 150000 run away
  from torture rape and war and stranded only in this area, additional 700000 in the
  rest of Ethiopia. Instructed to perform an tecnical audit on wash systems we drove
  deep to the camps, passing kilometre for kilometre with a 4 wheel truck on emergency
  shelters which rather are more than thin plastic foils for the walls and corugated
  iron roofs and just 10 to 15 square meter for 8 head families. Unbelievably poorness
  and sufferring. Water needs to be carried with jerrycans for long distances, food
  is provided only by 1700 kcal per day. Latrines on lowest level are the base for
  hygienic and sanitation. All people were thin by hunger and emerged by sun, young
  children having swollen hunger stomachs.  Feeling helpless is the most positive
  feeling I have had. I was ashamed to live on a safe European island with an unlimited
  water supply or 24hours supermarket. Knowing well that our richness is the poorness
  of somebody else e.g. of this 4 year old naked boy with a swollen stomach and his
  finger in his nose looking at our cars like being the yearly tourist atraction.
  His mom was just filling the jerrycan at the tap. Her torn red dress was a telling
  stories from a better period in her life. She was just finishing when I was checking
  the tap stand and she was asking interested but in simple english language what
  I'm doing here. I try to explain that I'm auditing and I have to take a few samples,
  and asked her how she's doing here. She smiled and told me that she is happy here.
  Of course nutrition is low and never enough and so does the water. But it is more
  than in Sudan area. She lived straight to the water tap and insisted to show me
  here garden. She seeded some peanuts and was proud to harvest the first nuts in
  her 30 square meter garden. After all this suffer and torture in war the smiled
  thankfully and gave me a handful raw peanuts. I roasted them in the evening in the
  compound. Today I'm sitting in a business class seat of Ethiopien Airways on the
  way back to my safe island, holding the peanuts like a holy treasure. Biting each
  one shows up emotions and reflection for an unsuspected meeting. A job decision
  pushing me to the edge of my emotions.
