Title: Traveling to life
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/traveling-to-life
SetInCountry: Kazakhstan
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Dinara Mukatayeva
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: 'in pop culture, and mainly in the films about superheroes, in the life of the
  main character there is an event that radically changes his life. Steve Rogers,
  seeing a grenade, decided to sacrifice himself to save others, and this decision
  turned him into Captain America. Of course, he received "serum", and turned into
  a "hero", but he always was. "Your decisions change you" - people say. But in many
  ways, "changes" are those qualities that have always been in us. Speaking of mysticism,
  these events have long been resolved for us. "It''s karma," people like to say.
  In my opinion, our life resembles text shooters of the 80s, when you answered questions
  and changed the movement of your character. And on the correctness of the answer,
  depended on your survival. Of course, this is not an accurate description of life,
  since Nietzsche determined that as there is no good and evil, there is neither right
  nor wrong. "In the beginning there was chaos" - so the first lines begin about the
  repetition of the world in Greek mythology. And out of chaos, the world was created.
  Each of us is a small universe. Our decisions, actions, breathing revive and transform
  us. If we talk about our experience, I "changed" and pushed my mother to death.
  After all, death is originally in us. It has existed in us since its inception.
  The logical conclusion of one person''s life influenced the other. I suddenly became
  a clot of will. My decision to become invulnerable, firm has brought me to the edge.
  At the age of 15, due to my will, I became the head of the family. And as Plato
  said: "Will-purpose, coupled with the right judgment." I led myself to the edge.
  And soared thanks to 2 wings: will and purpose'
