Title: Travelling and Self Realization
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/travelling-and-self-realization
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Shashank Gupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: New place and humans of different culture are the two most beautiful experiences
  one could ever have. I only came to realize this when i started travelling. Out
  of the few places I traveled in north India, I currently remember my trip to Kausani,
  a hill station village in Uttrakhand state of India. I have never witnessed such
  peace ever that I could in Kausani. The 3 very close friends, a sudden plan, no
  destination decided when we started, a small accident in water, a beautiful girl,
  a panoramic view of the great Himalaya from the cottage we rented, Old retro Hindi
  songs in the car we booked and some kind heart people we met, were few small reasons
  which made the trip memorable to me. I have never thought of playing cricket with
  some local kids on that scenic mountain accompanied with a girl to whom i called
  natural beauty. Sitting on the roof of a Jeep, moving on hairpin turns climbing
  up and down on mountain roads while singing my favorite song with my favorite people
  is something i would never forget. It was a long weekend trip and we were all set
  to do nothing, we wake up, eat our breakfast till the neck on a very small food
  offering place, it was so unrecognized place as a restaurant that I still think
  how we were able to spot that shop, But every morning we will land up to the same
  place, there was an uncle who will cook gobhi ke parathas an Indian preferred breakfast,
  omelets and large Tea for us, his simplicity, calmness, and homemade tasty food
  will always pull us towards him. The way he cooked for us, I can firmly say he was
  not doing it for money, it was more than that, he offered food and love together.
  In the evening we can be spotted playing cricket kids on the road with no vehicles.
  Frankly speaking that beautiful girl was the reason i go and play otherwise cricket
  is the last game that attracts me. I am still connected with the girl, we wish each
  other on festivals. The gangs of almost 7 to 8 kids were our new friends. Another
  incident that happened to me near a bank of river was a life time experience.Tremendous
  love with open water bodies, I never miss the chance to bath in nature,that day
  too I jumped into the narrow river without a second thought, some kids were there
  which made me realize the depth is low which actually was not. Being a non-swimmer,
  that day I got to know how people feel before they lose their life. The feeling
  was awesome after I somehow managed to be safe. It was the most peaceful few minutes
  I have ever witnessed.
