Title: Traveling Sparks Lifelong Friendships
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/traveling-sparks-lifelong-friendships
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Hannah Cantu
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: Wandering the streets of New York City in 2015 left me dazzled and captivated
  by its beauty. Not only did I leave the city with magnificent photos and experiences,
  but I also met two wonderful individuals who have transformed into lifelong friends.
  People always say that New York is one of the most dangerous cities in the world,
  but I'm glad I took the risk to explore the radiant city with my best friend, Traceey.
  Yes her name has two E's. Anyways, we decided we had a deep yearning to see New
  York for ourselves, and despite adamant pushback from our peers we planned our trip
  and never regretted it.  After having our fair share of exploration and photo opportunities,
  we decided we desired to mingle with New Yorkers and meet people on our final evening.
  I started researching various events that we could attend, and we finally agreed
  that we should go see an EDM DJ playing at club Space Ibiza in Manhattan. This particular
  club had phenomenal reviews and also had a rooftop terrace which captivated us immediately.
  There could be no better way to end such a trip. We excitedly got through the next
  day by shopping in Times Square to find the perfect outfit for the evening. We really
  hoped to meet some cute guys that night that we could stay in contact with in the
  future. However, we discovered something much more magical. We arrived at Space
  Ibiza early for the event, because we didn't want to get stuck waiting in an endless
  line. Upon our arrival, there was a creepy, abandoned aura surrounding the club.
  There were only two other people outside and one security guy. We asked if we were
  at the right place and inquired why others weren't there, and the security kind
  of laughed at us saying it was the right place but nobody ever comes on time. Oops.
  He let us in, and we got to wander the club. The dark, modern interior radiated
  with purple and blue neon lights glowing as music blared. It proved much more welcoming
  than the foreboding exterior. The rooftop terrace was beautifully decorated with
  stringed white lights. I noticed the two people we saw outside were chatting on
  the rooftop terrace, and something deep within urged me to introduce Traceey and
  I to them so I did. Somehow we meshed extremely well together and once the event
  started, we already had a bond so we danced the night away together. Talk about
  incredible. We've stayed in contact with them ever since and have even visited them.
  Now they both live in Houston, so you already know where we're headed next.
