Title: Travel more and spend less
DateModified: '2018-01-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/travel-more-and-spend-less
SetInCountry: Algeria
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Toufik Achour
AuthorCountry: Algeria
Text: My travel story started in 2015 during my first year in collage when I had the
  sensation of freedom and responsibility of myself, I had my first travel experience
  to south Algeria _I live in north Algeria_ and since Algeria is a giant and there
  are hundreds of kilometers between the distances and the traditions differ from
  a region to another, in fact even the language use is not the same between all.
  I was able to discover amazing traditions and the southern customs and shared some
  blogs about them on Facebook. In the next year, I visited Saudi Arabia and Tunisia
  for the sake of meeting friends and attending useful conferences, in fact I was
  able to meet up and talk to to people from more than 30 different nationalities
  and shared my culture and traditions with them; However, tourism was my first and
  last purpose behind all, so I wrote several articles about the culture of the two
  countries and made some comparisons with Algeria politically, culturally, educationally
  and economically. In 2017 traveling became my love and passion , but since I belong
  to a middle class family, I had to collect money throughout teaching English as
  a part time job and I tried to balance between work and my academic studies. I applied
  for a volunteer program in Europe; I got a Polish Schengen visa for two months.
  Last July I flied to Poland and worked as a teacher of English in some private schools
  and orphanages, I was also learning how to cook Polish food and shared my Algerian
  culture with those awesome kids for about a month, in the meanwhile I was visiting
  some countries nearby such as Hungary and Slovakia. The week before my project in
  Poland ended, I lost $500 and I had only few money left, I had to find a way to
  survive for the next month left in Europe, which I consecrated only for traveling
  outside of Poland. I had to find a way to economize my budget and travel to as many
  countries as possible. Actually, I was hosted by many counchsurfers and got a ride
  by many tracks when I was hitchhiking all the way to my destinations and made many
  conversations with local people about different issues and I shared most of them
  in English and Arabic on Facebook, by the end of my trip I succeeded in achieving
  my goal in visiting 04 cities in each country of (Germany, Czech Republic, Netherlands,
  Belgium, and Austria). Now I am a master student in the translation department and
  my biggest dream is to go all over the world and to share peace and love with all
  humans.
