Title: 'Trip to Kheerganga '
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/trip-to-kheerganga
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Arjun Gupta
AuthorCountry: India
Text: Yes, it was an awesome trip to Himachal Pradesh - India. I took a the decision
  to leave the town at last moment when my friends asked me to join 'em in the trip,
  it took an hour approx to pack my bag for that nicest vacation I have ever had.
  The trip amazed me as the location was full of surprises with a lot of nature wonders
  in Parvati Valley. People call it devbhumi as it's a native place of lord Shiva,
  let me tell from the scratch how I had started my journey to devbhumi kheerganga.
  Me and my friends took a bus from Delhi and I had enjoyed the travel till we reached
  to Bhuntar then after we took another bus to kasol. We stayed there for a while
  and treked to the nearby location, one thing I can't forget, that was a sound of
  seamless flowing river & the birds chearping all the time in my ears. We finally
  hired a cab to barshaini, after reaching there we started our trek towards Tosh
  village in Parvati valley, it is one of the beautiful places I have ever been, ohh
  Its in my head those mountains and the sky in night was full of stars I just can't
  forget, the clouds the rain the climate I can't tell you, I would say visit the
  place at least once in your lifetime. We stayed there for a night and next morning
  we left to trek to kheerganaga, there were two ways to reach there hardway & the
  fastway, of course we took the hardway. The trek was so difficult and it started
  raining so we stayed in a guest house in kulga named as sunset cafe, the people
  were very nice as welcomed us with hot food and music as well. After the rain stopped
  we begin our trek as it was 14KM from kulga consider this as one of the difficult
  treks in India. It was about to sunset I remember when we begin to trek to kheerganga.
  It took 4 hours to reach to the top, we were too tired and it was cold also, the
  people there offered us blankets and I also had one ginger honey lemon tea as a
  welcome drink. The night in that place was so much of wonders as the stars there
  were in millions, whole night I was looking at the sky from our camp, we had bonfire
  and listened music like the whole night some of my favourite songs of Pink Floyd
  like high hopes, echoes, wish you were here, hey you and others. I enjoyed myself
  a lot, ohh I forgot I have met  one guy from israel his name is alexander he sang
  for us with his guitar in hand and if I'm not he sang Beatles and it was so pleasing.
  In the morning I went to the temple of lord Kartikey for a little meditation there.
  Coming back was not good at all.
