Title: true italian dish
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/true-italian-dish
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Volodymyr Makarus
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: 'Sometimes we go to another country with some specific prism through which we
  look at this country. It can be nature, inhabitants of this country, architecture,
  bars, anything.  This winter when I went to Italy, for me this prism was  Italian
  cuisine.

  Yes, I went to Italy, because I wanted to diversify my menu, consisting only of
  such Ukrainian dishes as borsch and porridge. And I wanted to taste real Italian
  dishes in Italy.

  So I took my girlfriend and went with her to Rome. On Saturday evening, December
  23, we left Lviv. It was not easy to get to Italy, because firstly we had to hitchhike
  to Debrecen, small hungarian town, where our plane to Milan was, but on Sunday evening
  we were at the Roman station. Since we arrived late, the restaurants were closed,
  and we did not want to go to the snack bar, because we were burning with the idea
  of eating real Italian food, so we stayed hungry and started looking for some place
  to sleep (which was found in the church)

  Next morning (I just called it "morning", but it was 2 pm) we went to the nearest
  restaurant to finally achieve what we wanted. The waiter brought me a menu, but
  I already knew what I wanted. I wanted the most delicious dishes, I wanted a catch
  of the day. So I ordered it. My companion did exactly the same.

  I specifically refused to find out what it would be to preserve the intrigue. Super-paste?
  Pizza? Seafood? It could be anything.

  When waiter brougth me a catch of the day I couldn`t help laushing. The catch of
  the day was ... BORSCH. Normal. Ukrainian. Borsch(some kind of our national tomato
  soup) The dish I eat since childhood maybe every day. .

  It was the last dish I expected to see. Even some cockroaches seemed more realistic
  to me. But apparently you can not escape from yourself

  I asked the waiter why borscht from the whole variety of what the man cooked up.

  As it turned out, the wife of the owner of the restaurant was Ukrainian, and he
  was just in love with Ukrainian food, and therefore borsch was catch of the day
  very often.

  We laughed and started eating. We did not eat real Italian cuisine that morning,
  but we felt at home'
