Title: Two Sides of a coin- distress and generosity
DateModified: '2018-02-10'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/two-sides-of-a-coin-distress-and-generosity
SetInCountry: Malaysia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: ANWESHA RAY
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Travel-ready: something I believe I have always been or at least, strived to
  be. With a travel bag always ready with the bare essentials required to decide on
  a sudden hunch to explore a place and just venture out. But one can only be prepared
  for the known. A travel bag does not gear us up for any unforeseen events, which
  depending on what it is and how we perceive it to be, can either be a harrowing
  nightmare or cherished memory.

  One such episode occurred when my family and I decided to explore South-East Asia
  during the summer of 2007. With a trip planned for 3 countries, we landed in Malaysia
  from Thailand, the second destination in our itinerary. Overwhelmed by the hospitality
  and the pictures of Genting Highland, we enthusiastically collected our belongings
  at the airport to start our ropeway journey to a heavenly hotel atop the hill which
  has its own indoor and outdoor amusements parks and all things one can think of
  to make a holiday enjoyable. Our minds clouded with expectations for the upcoming,
  we mistook a different bag at the airport to be ours and carried it along. Only
  after getting checked in to our rooms did we realise the mishap and contacted the
  airport to connect us to the unlucky man to who had to bear the brunt of our negligence.

  The noble and kind person empathised on the situation and requested us to hand his
  bag to the hotel management where he himself would be checking in after 2 days while
  we were to collect ours while on our way to the Petronas Twin Towers, the day after.
  Grateful to him, we started the next day, to our destination, enjoying the spectacular
  skyline and glimmering sunset from the then-famous monorail. As we sighed thinking
  the feat was over, we got off the rail to realise that the pouch with all 3 of our
  passports had been pickpocketed. Fear started to dawn on us with the realisation
  that we were to travel to Singapore the next day.

  A panicked fit later, we dragged ourselves to the lost-n-found with the acceptance
  that we may be stuck in a foreign country with limited money indefinitely, without
  the most essential document. A futile attempt later we checked with the Indian embassy
  to apply for a voluntary passport. With fleeting hope watching many refugees stuck
  there for months due to similar issues, we went to the helpdesk; only to find that
  some supremely generous person had found our pouch lying on a sidewalk, apparently
  thrown away by the thief after taking the money from it and brought it to the embassy.'
