Title: Unconsciously viewing the world through our learned lenses
DateModified: '2018-01-25'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/unconsciously-viewing-the-world-through-our-learned-lenses
SetInCountry: Zimbabwe
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sylvia Tan
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: I make it a point to try to learn something of the people I met during my travels.  On
  my recent trip, I was trying to learn something about township life in Victoria
  Falls from a new Zimbabwean friend.  I found that my African friends to be generally
  reticent, so I tried to build the bridge by sharing some real personal information
  about myself.  Having been born in Borneo and traveled 70 countries to date, I thought
  this should not be difficult a feat.  After all, many aspects of Africa today resemble
  the Malaysia of my childhood days.  I shared the observations I made while exploring
  the city of Victoria Falls.  I shared that I was happiest when my Kenyan friends
  invited me along when they were running errands in markets targeted only at the
  non tourists in non tourist areas.  It took a while but eventually, he was comfortable
  enough to share about growing up during the times of "cleansing" under the Mugabe
  regime and how that affected his family.  He lost his birth mother then.  I also
  learn about the similarities between his and my family practices, that the older
  children help with raising and educating younger siblings as soon as they are able
  to because the parents can only afford to go so far without help.  Something totally
  different from the practice in the western world where scholarships and loans are
  available.  We then went on to talk about what a day in our lives look like.  The
  sharing went on quite smoothly till at some point, it started to slow down.  In
  my past lives, I was also a commercial analyst who worked on improvements in the
  global mining industry.  I must have made some unconscious comments that disturbed
  him.  I remembered asking him if he thought I was judgmental.  He looked directly
  at me and said calmly without missing a beat, "I do not think you are, but I feel
  that you are ... because you are looking at how and what happens here in Africa
  from the lenses that you bring from your experiences."  In that single moment, I
  was the happiest person.  No only does he trust me enough to say that to me without
  fear of offending me or putting our newfound friendship on the line, I have also
  learn something precious about me.  In spite of all my travel and trying to keep
  my broad-mindedness, there will always be unconscious moments when I am the creature
  of my past experiences.   Those lenses could hamper my ability to further my learning.  That
  was some months ago now.  Today, he is and remains one of my best friends from Africa!
