Title: 'Unconsciousness, madness or Adrenalin? '
DateModified: '2018-02-10'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/unconsciousness-madness-or-adrenalin
SetInCountry: Korea North
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Filippo Banzato
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: I was 19 years old, I already traveled in many different places with the national
  team during the summer tours. It was the summer after my graduation from high school.
  I was undecided on my future, I was a little bit sad for my graduation grade and
  I did not know if I wanted to go to the college or go to work. I took my gap year
  to work, travel and enjoy my life. I was watching a documentary about the North
  Korea so I thought "why not?" I worked for my family all summer while I was making
  all documents to go there. I left at the end of the summer for one week. It was
  my first travel alone. I always traveled with the national team, with teammates,
  managers and coaches but in that time I was alone. I did not realized how difficult
  and how dangerous It could be. My desire was too big. I read in a blog that I could
  not do any picture or stupid stuff or I would be in trouble. I lived one of the
  most excited week in my life, and I ate the dog meat, that is still my favorite
  meat. Now, almost three years later I still think about that week. Many times I
  wonder how I could make that decision and then leave without telling to my family.
  People said that I am always in trouble or on the edge but this is not true, sometime
  I try to stay out of risks or not put myself in the edge but are the risks and the
  edges that are looking for me. I think that everything happens for a reason and
  now with hindsight I understood that that crazy experience was necessary for me.
  It has grown me up and made me a crazy traveler that is able to choose a destination
  today and leave tomorrow without any preparation. That experience has challenged
  me to adapt myself in every situation. After that experience I went back home in
  Italy and I felt that I was not belong there. I had the opportunity to go in the
  United States to study, I got this opportunity and I left Italy to move in the USA.
  Another decision that has put me in the edge. My English was horrible but my desire
  has driven me to achieve my goals. I became a honer student in my first semester
  of college, 4.0 GPA with a double major and best student of the college for all
  semesters. Korea has changed me, that decision put me in the edge and has transformed
  that stupid little high school boy in a grown young man ready to live my life in
  a crazy way. I never deny anything, I always try. Life is like a book, traveling
  I can read it, pushing me at the edge I can enjoy it.
