Title: Underwater connections
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/underwater-connections
SetInCountry: Malawi
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Hayley Kennedy
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'Malawi, the 6th poorest country in the world, full of bright, intelligent and
  extremely friendly people, however, through circumstance a vast number have been
  denied opportunities we take for granted such as education and a good meal.  Yet
  these people are resourceful, skilled individuals developing ways to survive from
  the land and their surroundings.


  I met Bright and Felix on the first day of my new job as a volunteer dive instructor
  at a dive centre in Cape Maclean, Malawi.  They were quiet, even subdued, they were
  friendly and introduced themselves as my two trainee divemasters.  They were also
  waiters in the Ecolodge restaurant.  I watched them over the next few weeks get
  pulled from pillar to post, given conflicting instructions and generally seem bewildered
  at never being able to do anything right!.  I was slowly getting to know them and
  they were kind, sweet, intelligent young men.


  I finally got the chance to take them out for a fun dive.  I had charged my GoPro
  so I could take snaps and asked them to plan the dive and tell me the plan! As soon
  as we descended to the wreck they started posing! We spent our whole dive having
  fun, taking pictures and making different shapes in the water!!!! By the time we
  had slowly ascended through our safety stop,taken some group shots and our air was
  at getting low, we breached the surface.  The boys were so happy, we high-fived
  and immediately they wanted to see the photos!  They really relaxed on the boat,
  sharing their opinions, smiling so broadly you could tell they had enjoyed themselves
  - a change from their skills and assisting exercises of their divemaster course!


  Once we had put our kit away, and got changed, I sorted through the photos and put
  a few on Instagram.  The boys came running up to me after lunch telling me they''d
  had a message from a previous volunteer dive instructor telling them how great they
  looked!   We sat down and went through the photos.  They both instantly wanted to
  connect on Facebook so I could post the photos and they could show their parents
  and families.  They loved it and after they had finished work that evening they
  came and found me to ask if I wanted to go with them for a drink.  I was so honoured
  to share a beer that evening.  What a great day!'
