Title: Unexpected edges and local connections
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/unexpected-edges-and-local-connections
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Luciano Stefanelli
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'The nighty roar of a beast smelling me, unbreathing in my tent, in Banff &
  Jasper National Park; the downhill from a peacefull mount, rich of september-lighted
  bushes and Dall Sheeps, just over the Rangers Cabin of  Kluane N.P., where a kind
  woman officer had tried to discourage me and where, after only two miles and some
  fresh, very big footprints, I had decided to point other harmless targets. Now,
  these and many other experiences into a heavy rucksack, my italian stomach satisfied
  by a mediterranean salade and an american hamburger, in a pub in sight of silent
  Kluane Lake, I wander whether I''ll get a passage toward Alaskan border. My precedent
  hitchhikings were partially frustrated, the only people stopping were german or
  mexican or indian natives. It''s a sunny black hair woman who makes place on the
  passenger seat of her van full of furnitures, pushing, amidst these, her two nice
  little children. Mary is coming from Oregon and followed by a same full truck drived
  by her ex husband Peter, both directed to her house in Fairbanks! Hundreds of chilometers
  in which I''ll receive confessions as a priest, and I''ll amably talk with a person,
  a sister, as few times before. Three days in a family, me one of its members. In
  Laddakh, in Corse, in Provence, in different years and treks, too, local hospitality
  and connection. Since the first day in that family with an astonishing fraternal
  approach, I want to show my gratitude cleaning the large meadow from too grown weeds.
  They take me to visit University, outside which Peter indicates the migrating geese
  triangle in a blue almost autumnal sky; to the church on Sunday and to a great McDonald
  dinner the last evening. Even if they do not agree with my next goal, I, migrating
  goose too, after a strong hug to Mary and children, shake the hand of good Peter
  who has taken me to the Denali National Park''s entrance. The obliged and passed
  examination by the Rangers gives me the key also for this immense area around Mount
  Mc Kinley, and my timid entry in a further land of grizzly is blessed by the vision,
  from far, sitting in the Park''s yellow bus, of an ancient survival story: a wolf
  following a caribou. Down the bus, I am alone in one of the hearts of Alaska, first
  cold winds announcing impatient Autumn and coming night, my heart beating fast,
  eyes and ears vigilant for dangerous clues. Sunset and Mc Kinley''s mass charm me,
  outside my tent, which next morning I''ll discover well planted on a sleeping grizzly''s
  bodyprint.'
