Title: Unity in Diversity
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/unity-in-diversity
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Sweetlin Arockia Mary
AuthorCountry: India
Text: '"Unity in diversity" that''s what they call as the beauty of India. Imagine
  a marriage where two cultures meet and mingle, but can barley communicate with each
  other. Well that''s what happened in my friends wedding and here is what i witnessed.
  I was all set for this wonderful journey and my flight was at six in the morning
  from Bengaluru airport, It was a 2 hours connective flight to Kolkata and another
  hour from Kolkata to Imphal,Capital of state Manipur a place which has its own share
  in World war II''s history. Landed in Kolkata, we had a wait of about three hours
  for our flight to Imphal. The airport was filled with people who dearly show immense
  faith in Goddess Kali, no wonder they call this as "Beautiful Bengal".The land beneath
  us started to become visible,floating lake,water filled paddy fields and the houses
  all of them contributing to the site of a country side. As we reached Imphal we
  are welcomed by brides family. The Groom''s father and the Brides father exchanged
  their greetings despite the fact neither know the language spoken by the other.I
  was taken to the bride''s home.we had our lunch.Rice and fermented fish are major
  contributors to their everyday meal.As the big day started.The bride prepared for
  the first event of the wedding, she have to make two garlands of jasmine with help
  of her sisters which will be used in the wedding.While the groom was at his hotel
  preparing for his big day. As the ceremony started brides relative, friends and
  Family had gathered around in the hall prepared for the wedding,The men were all
  in whites(refers to Pride and Power) while the ladies dressed up in all bright colours(Beauty
  of flowers).the groom had made his entrance, He was dressed up like a King, literally
  the attire used by the Kings of Manipur and was made to sit in the centre of the
  hall.The wedding singers started to chant the songs of their tradition and mantras
  being said by the Priest.The bride was out, she was stunning with her jewellery
  and tiara. her clothes in green and red.she was walked over to the centre by her
  sister.she cannot sit near the groom until she completes her worship of the groom
  by going around him seven times, while the singers sang the love of Goddess Radha
  and Lord Krishna.the bride took her seat beside the groom after the ritual, the
  priest handed over the garlands made by bride.The garland was exchanged between
  them ,the wait was over and now the two hearts filled with love have been united
  amongst friends and family.'
