Title: 'Unknown in the heart of Europe: &#39;&#39;Belarus&#39;&#39;'
DateModified: '2018-01-23'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/unknown-in-the-heart-of-europe-belarus
SetInCountry: Belarus
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Fere van Maanen
AuthorCountry: Netherlands
Text: Last summer I went to Belarus. I have visited different cities all over the
  country, the first city I have visited is Grodno it is also called the cultural
  capital of Belarus. It is a very old Polish city and you can see this in the architecture
  and style of buildings. There is even an old palace of the old king of Poland. I
  have been here before but still, I like to come back because in this small communistic
  country this city seems so happy with a lot of things to do. Not what people think
  about a country like this. During my travels here I made new friends, they made
  me stay at there place and helped me with registering myself at the local police
  to make sure my visa was correct for travelling through the whole country. My new
  friends took me to Brest a city that was the border between East Germany and the
  U.S.S.R. you could see this and it was so interesting it is so close but yet such
  a different style of city than the colourful Grodno. This city seemed very sad and
  I could not enjoy it, the only thing that I liked was the national park that is
  on the border with Poland. A girl showed me around the park and knew I really wanted
  to see a European Bison, so she brought me deep into the forest and I saw one for
  the first time in my life. It was such a wonderful experience! This animal is so
  magnificent! After returning to Brest I visited the Brest Fortress it told me a
  lot about the 2nd world war from the side of the U.S.S.R. something I never learned
  as a kid growing up in Western-Europe. I felt I got more understanding of people
  that grew up in Eastern-Europe. I think this is a beautiful thing because you feel
  more connected to the people from that country. After this learning moment in Brest,
  I went on an old Soviet train to the capital city Minsk. When I arrived in this
  city I saw how westernised this city is. Big brands everywhere that you see nowhere
  else in the country. I was really shocked by it and felt a bit sad that even here
  these brands destroyed the small local companies. I have been to the old part of
  town and it was amazing it is really well preserved, also there were a lot of people
  celebrating on the streets and you could see international people that you do not
  see a lot in the other parts of the country. I am glad I took this step that made
  my horizon be broader. Belarus is really a country unknown in the heart of Europe.!
  Could you point it out on the world map?
