Title: Unsung
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/unsung
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Unaiza Merchant
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Mr. Indra was the host of our homestay at Buxa Duar. He fed my boyfriend and
  I well, drew us a lovely map to Lepchaka and even made me a leech stick - a lovely
  tool consisting of a branch with a bag of salt at the end. We had spent the day
  following his map and once we returned and had bathed, he promptly had dinner ready.


  We settled in a small wooden room, lit by a bare cold bulb, and realised, the night
  before, we had enthusiastically accepted his offer of making us a special dish.
  Placed before us was an enormous bowl of local brew, hot and steaming, flavoured
  with bits of fried egg. It was a special soup they made for women in labour. We
  nervously ladled some in our bowls and drank what can only be described as egg alcohol.
  I can still remember the exact taste, the way it made me feel as the world rattled
  with rain outside. When we respectfully went back for seconds, Mr. Indra settled
  down with a harmonium; a little surprise - he was going to perform for us.


  The instrument was old. He bought it secondhand from the nearest town, and after
  some fidgeting he was ready to begin. He played the first note and it rang high
  and discordant, the sound you''d expect from a harmonium seldom played. But then
  he opened his mouth and sang. His pain bludgeoned me. Mr. Indra was the happy, simple
  man playing host all these days, but now he was someone else. He was lonely. He
  was playing an instrument he practised all by himself, to two people he had never
  met before. His voice was beautiful. He sang and sang and I began to cry. I think
  there may have been a moment where he was crying too. It felt like my tears would
  never stop.


  It was as if the deep hurt in my life was grieving in the face of wonder, unable
  to compete. I was struck with how there is only so much you can do for someone -
  listen, cry with them, feed them a meal - but not much else. We were to leave the
  very next day. Till then, we had him in front of us, pouring his heart out, the
  monsoon fuming outside, as we quietly listened to a man who until the day before,
  was nothing but a number saved in our itinerary.'
