Title: Untamed beauty of the divinity
DateModified: '2018-02-10'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/untamed-beauty-of-the-divinity
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Mohammad Shahid
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'Seraaj my travel partner couldn''t sleep last night because of excitement.(I
  think so!!)

  He kept on ringing me at times in the whole night .

  It was all because of what we had decided a year ago before we parted after the
  end of our college.

  We both were passionate about trips and tours.

  In the college days we often used to imagine how our trips would be in future.

  I still remember the day when we were punished for not being attentive in the class.

  Actually it was maths period and we were planning our maths into a travel magazine.

  The hazzy memories still sounds in my mind of the words we used to say

  Specially our correlating technique of the maths with the beauty of nature.

  The lands and deep nature just like divine and untouched ideas of deep mathematics.

  Though the later may not seem to be so  divine!!!!

  Coming back to the day when we were all set for the trip to shimla!!

  He woke me up.

  I got ready by 6 am in the morning.

  The excitement still remained fresh on his face.

  We equipped ourself with the needed things and set out for the tour.

  Our flight was at 9. So we were at airport by 8 :30.

  Soon the time passed and we were at Shimla airport.

  We arranged for a hotel.

  We rested ourselves and in the evening we went out for a walk.

  The beauty and the freshness of the air make me forgot the noise and dusty air of
  the city.

  The reddish sun was making the river so pleasant.

  We sat on the riverside and enjoyed the tea in earthen cups.

  Next day at 8 we had to go to some other breathtaking places. So we started our
  journey.

  Our way was through the woods.

  The less trodden route reminded me of the poem"The road not taken" by R. Frost.

  We were covered by trees and their shredded leaves covered the ground.

  The sunlight peeping through the leaves making its way to the ground .

  The disrupted sunlight touching us and then hidden by leaves, was giving us it''s
  warmth welcome.

  We reached our destination.

  He started taking pictures ,

  I grabbed the camera and pointed my finger to the waterfall that was colliding with
  the rocks to make its touch with the ground.

  It was like the years of parted lover were fighting the whole world for being with
  each other.We just sit there and silently watched the scene of divinity .

  The sound it was making with rocks ,passing our ears mixed with the chirping of
  birds and treeWe couldnt say anything though we were linked with our thoughts.

  And we both said  that our teacher was wrong at his point.

  Nature is far more beautiful than mathematics.'
