Title: Up to the edge and straight back down again
DateModified: '2018-02-21'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/up-to-the-edge-and-straight-back-down-again
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Stuart Fahy
AuthorCountry: United Kingdom
Text: 'I was looking out of the window on the flight from Alice Springs to Cairns.
  "It doesn''t look too bad," I thought. "And this is higher." Two days later, crammed
  into a tiny plane with 14 other people, I wasn''t so confident.


  I was meeting a friend to travel down the coast of Queensland. He wanted to do a
  skydive but the others he was travelling with weren''t so keen. He asked if I wanted
  to join him and for some reason I agreed. I''m not the type of person who enjoys
  going to theme parks. The few times I''ve been on a roller coaster I didn''t react
  well. But apparently jumping out of a plane at 15,000 feet wasn''t as much of a
  concern.


  The morning of the jump I met my friend at the airport, then it was onto the skydive.
  The next few hours involved briefings, checking out equipment and going through
  every emotion possible. The jump was delayed and I went from, "I can''t do this!"
  to "Let''s just get on with it!" and back again.


  Eventually it was time to go and I was introduced to my instructor. He was a big,
  bald Australian guy and wherever he was going now so was I. We were directed into
  the tiny waiting plane; seven jumpers and their instructors. I was one of the last
  into the plane, which of course meant I would be one of the first to jump.


  For me the worst part of the entire experience was just after take off. We were
  about a metre off the ground but at that point I realized there was only one way
  I was coming back. Too late to back out now!


  The door was closed (which was just a flimsy, plastic shutter over a large opening)
  and we began to climb higher and higher. I was staring out of the window trying
  to gauge the height as my instructor explained everything. The view was spectacular,
  looking out over the thick green canopy of the rainforest.


  We''d been climbing for ten minutes and I was thinking, "Okay. I can do this." It
  was at that point I was told we were about halfway. I''m sorry... What?!


  A few minutes later we were at the jump site. The door was flung open and we were
  instantly met by a rush of air flooding the tiny plane. The first couple of jumpers
  left the plane and I remember thinking they weren''t coming back. Another scary
  thought! As we slid slowly towards the exit I began taking some deep breaths. There
  was no turning back now.


  We reached the open doorway and I instinctively swung my legs over the edge. It
  looked a long way down. The last thing I heard was my friend yelling something about
  James Bond and then it was time to go.'
