Title: Using an app to make friends in Saigon
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/using-an-app-to-make-friends-in-saigon
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jenny Nguyen
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Since age four, I had been so blessed to come to Vietnam every two to three
  years, getting to know it as a place to connect with ancestry, culture, and traditions.
  Basking in the beauty and chaos everywhere, we enjoyed the most exciting views and
  flavors as my family and I went all over to see our loved ones. However, as I became
  older, I started to feel like I was missing out on a side of Saigon that my family
  wasn''t showing me. Although I appreciated it so much, I wanted more than to just
  go to the most delicious and beautiful places with my family and their friends.
  Now that I was 28 years old and landing in Saigon for the eleventh time, I knew
  what to expect when hanging out with my loving yet conservative family, and knew
  that I wanted to make my own connections with open-minded and hearted people.


  Making a public trip announcement a few days before my departure on an app designed
  to connect locals and travelers worldwide was probably the best way for me to meet
  so many people staying in the same districts that I was in. My trip was announced
  and by the time I had landed after a whole day of traveling from Boston, I opened
  my app and I was so touched to be welcomed with offers to hang out or crash as long
  as I wanted to at the homes of a few locals and travelers.


  My first meeting was these room mates offered to pick me up and took me an hour
  away from where I was staying to show me their small rural community and throw a
  barbeque in my honor where every neighbor showed up to shared food and beers and
  stories. Another friend my age would take me out to try the hippest new cafes and
  craft beer restaurants, we would laugh over girl talk and check out the local music
  and dancing. Travelers and teachers shared their experiences of working and traveling
  abroad, offering me inspiration and encouragement to pursue that path since traveling
  is my passion. I met people for board game nights and I even organized a motley
  crew when I invited people to join me on a karaoke bar crawl. I was taken to underground
  spots where the music and party favors were delightfully untraditional. I was able
  to laugh at and talk about things in places that I couldn''t have had I been with
  any family member.


  Using this app, I had made connections beyond my dreams. Friends who are like family,
  who are excited to see me when I return, so that we can break our ridiculous curfews
  to enjoy  the freedoms of being a modern youth in a now culturally diverse and progressive
  Vietnam.'
