Title: Valley Of Peace
DateModified: '2018-02-13'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/valley-of-peace
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ashish  Sharma
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I totally fed up of encroaching heat and humid weather of north India in July
  and with my hectic working schedule so I've searched a place not so far from me
  and which is easy to reach and also in budget. I have just done my ticketing to
  Kathgodam nearest station to reach Nainital. I've just called my cousin who lived
  in Delhi and tell him to join me in Nainital bacause we both like the company of
  each other. I've packed my bag with necessary stuff and left for Lucknow station.
  In early morning I waked up I saw from window it was Haldwani Station. I've seen
  lush greenry everywhere coudy sky and fresh breezy air sooth my soul. I was very
  excited, in half an hour I reached Kathgodam where my brother Praveen already reached
  and waiting for me. We took a taxi and reached Nainital through the hilly road it's
  raining there when we reached. We got out and feel the pure fresh air and a scenic
  view of Naini lake which was surrounded by clouds. We took a hotel and get refreshed,
  we sat in the balcony from there the view of lake is very clear, we finished our
  cup of tea and decided to visit the Naina Devi temple first we don't know there
  was a fair was organised. Regional people were indulge in shopping in the premises
  of temple. We also prayed there n walked surround the lake which is covered in 5
  Km. We seen a lot of places in our way we sat beside the lake and took deep breathe
  in the fresh air because it was feeling that we forget our all tension and worry.
  We don't want to go back in our previous life. We took our lunch and back to our
  hotel because it was raining heavily. We sat in balcony and decided our further
  plan to trek. When it stopped raining we start trekking through the off road after
  walking two hours we reached on the top most point from where we saw mango shape
  of thelake and enjoyed the scenic sun set. After all we back to our room and seat
  in balcony with the cup of tea. After some time we went out for our dinner on Mall
  Road and after having meal we went to bed. In the next morning we visited Hanuman
  garhi temple by walking and feeling cold outside the road becomes very slippery.
  From there we experience amazing views, we took a bike on rent and start our exploring
  the place and enjoyed mountain biking in that rainy season. We fall in love with
  the place specially with the fresh breezy air and breathtaking amazing views of
  hill and natural beauty. We felt completely refreshed and relaxed in the lap of
  mother nature in the valley of peace.
