Title: Vamos Billie
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/vamos-billie
SetInCountry: Canada
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Sami Sallovitz
AuthorCountry: Canada
Text: 'May 2017. The day is not exact, but the experience is unforgettable. It was
  a sunny, spring morning in heart of Recoleta, Buenos Aires, Argentina. I woke up
  from a dream so vivid I could see it like a movie on the big screen. The movie of
  my life. The dream consisted of a bee, a cannabis plant, the ocean, a french bulldog,
  and me waking up in Argentina 6 months out of the year. I had just arrived not even
  1 month ago from Vancouver, BC, Canada on a vacation to my home town. The place
  where I was born and always felt a strong connection to. We moved from Argentina
  in 1988 at the peak of immigration applications. I was always called back to the
  South American Paris I call my 2nd home. My first home really. The dream consisted
  of me quitting my corporate HR job back in Van to travel the world with my puppy,
  Billie! So many emotions came rushing through me as I saw myself doing this 6 months
  prior. As a victim of corporate bullying, I had experienced what felt like a sucker
  punch to the throat. I lost my voice. I lost my ability to express my truth. I had
  enough!! I needed out. I started to write. Journalling at first. Something came
  over me that night. I woke up! HOW? Ego-driven questions overwhelmed me. It''s amazing
  how the universe gives you loving nudges to make life-changing decisions! Amazing,
  was also how easy it was to to make it. Because it was right. Because for the first
  time in a very long time I was being true to me. What inhibitions? So it was at
  that moment of decision when synchronicities started to make themselves evident.
  My position was being restructured. Push. Nudge. In my mind, I could hear "Here
  you go, Sami. You are manifesting this!". The ball started to roll at that point.
  I extended my time in Buenos Aires; mediating on the vision that came before me.
  My views of things changed then too. I flew back to Vancouver and opened up Sami
  and Co. A collaborative, community-focused people+culture consultancy with goal
  to support conscious business. This is HOW I would do it! By being my own boss!
  By writing about my adventures. By sharing with the world that just like MLK, I
  TOO have a dream! And it CAN be done. Manifest to Jan 2018. The day Billie and I
  jumped on a plane #backdownsouth. We opened up 2 websites. Vamos Billie is the pet
  travel site. Sami and Co. is the people collaborative. One thing is for sure. Tengo
  algo que decir. I have something to say. This is my dream and I''m making it a reality.
  Follow us on our journey...'
