Title: Visconti much?
DateModified: '2018-01-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/visconti-much
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Jaylan Salman
AuthorCountry: Egypt
Text: 'I have to kiss Tadzio. I made the decision as soon as he showed me his tattoo.
  The way he talked about the city made my heart jump to my throat, regurgitated back
  to my veins. He did not look like your ideal Italian, the way they show him in posters
  for soccer players. His hair was anything but glossy and thick. His eyes were brown,
  the kind that you only meet in people different from you. And I was this Egyptian
  hippie, with nothing but my backpack and a credit card debt that would leave me
  countless starry nights of insomnia, rather than reminiscing about kissing an Italian
  man, when all I could think of was how not to break my visa. Holding my coin, standing
  in front of the grand Trevi fountain, all I could think of was; to kiss or not to
  kiss. How corny would it be that my only wish in front of the glamorous Trevi fountain
  would be kissing a young Italian man who did not even look like your average-looking
  Italian? But I had too many Chianti glasses and my head is pumped with energy. I
  have to kiss Tadzio. The question -other than the Hamlet dilemma of kissing or not
  kissing Tadzio- should be; what would the background of the kiss be? Should we be
  kissing in a cafe, smelling like pizza and gelato? Should we walk into some unknown
  street, a nameless district where he would burst into a Nation Geography-sque history
  lesson of the place as if I came all the way from Egypt to Italy just to learn about
  how far back some building goes? And in all honesty, if I come from a country where
  age is all about heritage and monuments and buildings so old you smell of mold if
  you merely pass them by; why should I care if a 20 something Italian boy recounts
  the history of the city to me?

  In other words, I should not be wishing on a kiss at the Trevi fountain. But more
  or less on the backdrop of a feeling, the scent of a dying sentiment, the aerobics
  of air and water, the sensation that something celebrates the incredible power of
  water. The kiss, my friends, to an Egyptian heart is more of a scarab than a winged
  desire, out of a man whose eyes resemble the films of Luchino Visconti than Yousef
  Chahine.'
