Title: Voyage
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/voyage
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Nikita Parashar
AuthorCountry: India
Text: It was november and I was so frustrated with my routine life. Same thing every
  day, something that I could never do. My friends were going on a trip to chikmanglur
  near bengaluru. And just just with an intention of taking a break I went to that
  trip. Right from the starting there was something I knew that this is going to be
  life changing. I am mostly in to my phone and books but I didn't want to look at
  my phone for even once, the nature was so masmering. Greenery and water everywhere,
  mud activities and waterfall baths. That soothing experience you just can't resist
  take on you. That day I realized that nothing in this world matters more than being
  natural and yourself. What happens if the world will criticize? Let them! I will
  be happy and that's what I want. Why let anyone decide for you? My decisions are
  all that matters. I've never spent a day away from my home but this time I was care
  free, as if I had no control over myself. I didn't care for anything happening in
  world. That's when I realized it you who matters to oneself. After spending 4 days
  at chikmanglur we decided to leave. But I knew this time I'm taking a lot of life
  lessons with me but most importantly what I learnt there was the fact that I am
  the one who matters the most to me and with that positivity in my mind I came back
  and I finally took a life changing decision of dropping Chartered Accountant. Yes,
  my father's dream which I was carrying for 2 years but this time I knew what I had
  to do. I told my parents, it was difficult but eventually they understood it. And
  now I'm a MBA aspirant and very happy person. I still feel the urge to going back
  to the place where I started living truly.
