Title: Waiting for a miracle
DateModified: '2018-02-17'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/waiting-for-a-miracle
SetInCountry: Ukraine
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Elina Aliieva
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: 'I wanted to start this year in a different way than just at a festive table.
  I want changes in my life for the better, a quality life in peace and tranquility,
  therefore, actually. I gathered a suitcase and holidays, the New Year''s night met
  and spent in Yazlovets castle. The reaction of relatives and friends was different:
  Are you a princess? Are you going to meet the New Year in the monastery? That is,
  everyone guided: how will you meet the New Year and that it will be.

  And I was guided by the desire to celebrate the New Year in prayer for peace and
  tranquility for Ukraine, in my life, native people around. I wanted to find the
  best answers to my questions, in the place of the blessed one. A sense of history,
  antiquity, fairy tales, simple life, nature, warm stories about miracles, love.
  My soul, as in a warm blanket, wrapped in a carriage intercity with the book of
  Nadyi Gerbish "Warm coffee stories" was heading to Ternopil. In a magnificent way,
  the book opened exactly in history, where the heroine was heading to Ternopil. This
  book has accompanied me practically all the days before the end of the New Year
  holidays. Thanks to the author, because that was exactly what I was looking for.
  This is how to talk with a friend who understands you and advised me to watch the
  movie "Snow Kilimanjaro" because the mood in these days changed in my geometric
  projection. Hollywood film 1952` helped me, because it is high-quality, authentic,
  deep and at the same time simple.

  During the time when I was staing in Yazlowiec castle, I sang different Christmas
  carols, went to other townes, churches in Buchach, Chortkiv, and Tribhivtsy. They
  are all different, unusual, beautiful. And I need tireless help from the Mother
  of God. I was looking for her by walking through the enormous corridors of the castle
  in the dark, in the chapel by prayer, in the purchase of mandarins for the festive
  table. I went spesially to Buchach to buy mandarines, because as the New Year without
  them?! In Buchach, on an altar in the mountains, these strange clouds reminded me
  of dumplings.

  Sisters gave me a book by Mother Marcelina Darovskaya about upbringing. Well, there
  is nothing about DNA, bitcoins, simulacra, there are simple, but deep words so that
  you understand that the answer will be, that there will be a miracle, it already
  exists when you look at yourself every morning in the mirror. What is happiness,
  to come to a place where you are like for the first time, and maybe not for the
  first time but feel at home.'
