Title: Wait For My Brother
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/wait-for-my-brother
SetInCountry: Peru
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jay Ll
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: '"wait for my brother" he said. I was at a souvenir stall in Iquitos, Peru.
  The day prior I was at this same stall and had spoken with Carlos, the owner, he
  told me to come back the next day and he would have a new set of items, including
  some he particularly thought I would like after explaining what I was looking for.
  However, when I arrived at the stall, there was only a young Peruvian boy maybe
  18 years old at max. He told me his brother was most likely running late and would
  arrive within 10 minutes.


  10 minutes became 30 minutes, the whole time the young boy staring at me while I
  checked my phone. Eventually, I finally asked "hable ingles?" "Si" he said, "I speak
  english very good, my name is Ronaldo" Eh, some grammar issues, but he was right,
  I could clearly hear him and he could understand me. We then began to have a conversation
  in english about my phone, his shop and more. I showed him my phone and let him
  use it, explained what I did back home and he continued to ask questions all while
  quickly scrolling through facebook and other apps on my phone. Constantly smiling,
  asking about features, asking to use the camera etc.


  Eventually I asked him what he usually did for fun, He pointed to his dirt bike
  parked next to us. I immediately asked him if he knew anywhere nearby to visit.
  He did and within a few minutes I was on the back of a dirt bike barreling down
  Iquitos dirt roads, while he explained in english the areas and how he grew up in
  the area. All while brazenly driving and swerving through iquitos traffic, passing
  by tuk-tuks. I tried to hang on and listen closely as best as I could. We ended
  up at a beautiful location that not only had a lake but well maintained beach area.
  Suddenly I received a call through Facebook messenger, It was Carlos, "donde esta
  amigo, I am at my shop?" "I am with your brother" "QUE?"


  For the next 3 days I would visit Ronaldo at the stall, chat with him while he managed
  the store and then went around the city once he was free. It was a relationship
  that was unexpected, however it blossomed into one that showed me a great deal of
  Iquitos, It allowed me to have a deeper connection with the locals. Ronaldo showed
  me and explained his life. Which had a profound effect on me and my trip as a whole.
  We still talk to this day through Facebook messenger and I will be visiting him
  again in the coming year. It is amazing to see first hand how relationships can
  be formed out of completely random interactions.'
