Title: 'Wake Up &amp; Live: Design Your Life'
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/wake-up-live-design-your-life
SetInCountry: India
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Aditi Thakral
AuthorCountry: India
Text: 'I have issues. There, I admit it. I admit I am forever consumed and perhaps
  even tormented by an undying itch to travel. And more often than not, I succumb.
  I yield too quickly and too often. As for my bank account, let''s just say it''s
  pretty darned unhappy with my financial understanding (or lack thereof). But here
  I am, basking in the glory of my last travel adventure while I simultaneously plan
  to catapult myself into my next destination. When you travel you''ll often have
  small realizations or moments of epiphany that make you more independent, confident
  & happy. As for me, I''ve been incredibly happy with my journey as a traveler. Blessed
  to have been born in a country that shares a big part of the Himalayas. Started
  off with tiny treks and small experiences while working in a big corporation, still
  dreamed of just being on the road without having to think about returning back to
  the city. Had to take a brave decision of exiting the limits of my financial comfort
  zone and quitting my well paying corporate job. The experience that pushed me to
  the edge to take this decision was a trek called Stok Kangri which is located in
  the mighty Leh Laddak region of India. It is the highest trekking peak of our country
  and can prove to be a total game changer for any traveler. When I planned to go
  for this mighty mountain I did not know that it would quiet literally change my
  life.

  This expedition demands every last ounce of your mental and physical strength! It''s
  as if the mountains are testing your will power and totally mocking and challenging
  your level of stubbornness! From hellish routes to heavenly views these mountains
  will continuously tempt you to quit doing this to yourself and go back to civilization
  and breadth and rest and lead a normal life which is exactly when you have to take
  the call of now or never!! One of the most challenging and hardcore treks I''ve
  done in my life which I will be proud of forever!

  Something changed in me once this peak was conquered and I returned back to the
  city. Nothing seemed impossible thereafter and my urge to climb mountains became
  stronger and I was hungrier than ever to climb even bigger and more dangerous mountains.
  It is then when I decided to learn the technical aspects of climbing and decided
  to quit my job and go for professional climbing courses.

  So there you go, a small decision of climbing a small non technical peak completely
  changed my life to become a full time climber, traveler and adventurer.'
