Title: Walking down Orange Street
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/walking-down-orange-street
SetInCountry: Jamaica
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Gabriele Bomben
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Since I was just a kid I''ve been a huge fan of the offbeat sounds coming from
  Jamaica: during many years they have been the main soundtrack of my life, accompanying,
  on many occasions, my cold winter evenings and humid summer nights. Inevitably,
  a trip to Jamaica had always been on top of my bucket list, although, unlike many
  people, what I dreamed of wasn''t the sea or the exotic beaches, but the dusty Kingston
  record shops. It happened  often that I closed my eyes and imagined myself walking
  down Orange Street, which in the past was also known by the name of Beat Street,
  due to the very high concentration of vinyl stores and recording studios that had
  their headquarters here in the Sixties and Seventies of the last century. One day
  I decided that my recurring dream had to cease to stay that way and turn into reality.

  If I had paid too much attention to what is reported by most of the guides, I would
  probably never have flown to Kingston, because of its reputation of dangerous city,
  haunted by gangs and pickpockets. However, this negative myth doesn''t absolutely
  correspond to what I perceive when I begin to walk along the streets of the Jamaican
  capital. It may not be a beautiful city, but it''s extremely vibrant, thanks to
  the rhythms of its life that blend in unison with its music,  a circumstance I rarely
  came across before.

  To reach my desired destination, I leave from Camperdown, the residential area in
  which my apartment is located, and go to Half Way Tree bus station, an ideal place
  to mingle with locals. Here I catch the bus  to downtown and finally I get off at
  Orange Street. I''m immediately impressed: yes, it''s true, it''s nothing but a
  long dusty road lined with run-down houses, and it looks like it was located in
  a remote suburb, despite being actually in the city center. From my first steps,
  I run into clusters of people whose persistent chatter in their nice patois literally
  overwhelms me in a positive way: this is a slice of authentic Jamaica that probably
  no touristic resort will ever offer. As I approach the last two record stores that
  still resist in this area, the voices of the people give way to the music styles
  that were born some decades ago right in this street. The warm notes of ska, rocksteady
  and reggae come out from the shops, where old records are played continuously. No
  doubt, this is still the old Beat Street and I''m living my dream.'
