Title: 'Washington Goop: Aka the Oyster'
DateModified: '2018-02-22'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/washington-goop-aka-the-oyster
SetInCountry: Usa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Lauren Lovan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I just got back from a weekend trip to Washington state to visit one of my
  best friends Krissi and her husband John. We decided to eat at this new restaurant
  just at the edge of the Sound. Naturally, one of the appetizers to choose from was
  the beloved oyster. The three of confessed to never trying one and so...we ordered
  3. I started mentally preparing as I was in no way interested let alone excited
  to try one but in fact was rather disgusted at the mere thought of eating it. When
  the waitress brought her favorite oysters to our table, I was relieved to see that
  they were rather small-thank God. Along with the oysters came horseradish and vinegar
  and of course there was tabasco sauce on the table. We stared at the oysters for
  a quick second because the waitress left without telling us how to eat them so we
  ended up winging it. John was the first to slurp down his oyster and very expectantly
  gagged because the oyster slammed the back of his throat. Awesome. As I swallowed
  in horror, I thought "For shit sakes, I do not want to gag in front of all these
  people!" Then Krissi announced that she was taking the oyster back and did so flawlessly.
  "Okay," I thought "she had a good experience." I realized with dread that it was
  my turn to slurp the thing that looked like it was alive down my throat. Ugh! I
  took my sweet time working up the courage to do so-now mind you I am very adventurous
  when it comes to trying new foods but there''s just something about muscles and
  oysters that makes my taste buds cringe. As I was examining the oyster, it fell
  out of its shell onto my plate where we just stared at it. I picked it up with the
  tiny little fork and its slime dripped-I gagged in my mind. Eventually our waiter
  came with our food and held my plate hostage until I ate the oyster. Which I was
  grateful because I really wanted to eat it to conquer it but just needed that extra
  push. I ended up chewing the oyster after it sat in my mouth for a hot second because
  I couldn''t swallow it. Life lesson: try new things even if it grosses you the hell
  out at the very least you''ll be able to say you did it. I will most likely never
  eat an oyster again because even remembering this experience brings a sour look
  to my face.'
