Title: What Rajasthan told me without uttering a word.
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/what-rajasthan-told-me-without-uttering-a-word
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Yogita Ridgley
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: Traveling the unknown requires an open mind and open heart. They say that life
  is a rollercoaster, filled with ups and downs, but I didn't know just how wild that
  ride could be until I started my adventure in India. When a city has 27 million
  people, extreme poverty and extreme wealth, it's hard to know what to expect. Walking
  down the streets of Chandni Chowk in New Dehli, I found all my sense was working
  overtime. Car horns blazing throughout the street left my eardrums begging for mercy,
  the rubbish that littered the street left a horrid smell that filled the air and
  people seemed to be piled on top of each other as if the concept of personal space
  had disappeared into thin air. Even though all of this, there was something magical
  about the place. The colors that filled the sky and the streets, the delicious food
  that sat in the street markets to feed my belly and an atmosphere that fed my soul.
  Next stop, Taj Mahal, a magnificent palace, a sentiment of true love. The entrance
  was breathtakingly beautiful, a gate that stood tall and grand towering over Taj
  Mahal. A stunningly white palace. The longer I started, the more surreal it felt.
  My visit to the Jaipur markets, looking at beautiful silk sari's, cashmere scarfs
  and dazzling jewelry. Smelling the sweet aromas of jalebi, samosas and a deliciously
  sweet and tangy lassi that I just couldn't resist. My night ended in Jaipur at Raj
  Mandi. Mandawa.known for Rajasthani art and heritage and The Havelis, beautiful
  addition to my trip. The perfect sunset over Jaisalmer desert, The local ladies
  are running around with things to sell to the tourist and kids begging for money.
  In the distance, I can hear the voice of an innocent child singing Rajasthani songs
  like he had no care in the world. His sweet voice just warmed my heart. I found
  myself gazing in awe of these romantic shades of orange that covered the sky like
  a blanket. I got up early hours to watched the stars shining in the dark sky over
  Udaipur, the mountains in the distance are standing tall with a vale of clouds and
  the soft wind blowing my scarf off my face. A little I knew that I would be encountering
  life in different shades of color and meaning on my adventure of Rajasthan, India.
  Growing up in the western world where I have everything money can buy, I was left
  without words when I met people who had everything money can not buy. Time, Patience,
  Selflessness, Pride, Self-Respect, Happiness and Inner beauty.
