Title: What In The World Is Disc Golf?
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/what-in-the-world-is-disc-golf-2
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Laura Clark
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'I wiped the moisture from my favorite disc, an Innova Champion Boss, with my
  t shirt. It didn''t do much good, as that too was soaked in sweat. The sun beat
  down so relentlessly I swear I could smell the grass cooking underneath my feet.
  I let my second throw fly. CHING! Birdie.


  "Oi! What are you doing throwing a frisbee like that? You nearly hit us!" I looked
  over to find a couple around my age, accompanied by a young boy. The basket had
  every ounce of my attention, and I hadn''t noticed them emerging from the trees
  to the left of the fairway.


  I approached the displeased couple, apologizing incessantly. Their son had a look
  of wonder in his eyes, his parents, however, not so much. They appeared to be on
  a hike, so I inquired why in the world they chose this location. "We''re orienteering!
  Do you want to come with us?", insisted the boy. His parents agreed that it would
  be okay, so I grabbed my Boss, stuffed it into my bag, and trudged alongside them,
  back into the brutality of the blazing ball in the sky.


  A few steps in I asked, "What in the world is orienteering?" I had heard the term
  from my younger Aussie cousins, but had never been, and was quite curious. The youngest
  of the group exuberantly explained, speaking so quickly that I could only make out
  a few words. "It is so much fun!", he shouted.


  We trekked along, over hills and through trees, through dried up creek beds and
  across bridges. Every now and then, the boy would pause to look down at his compass,
  evaluating the map. "This way!", pointed our four-foot-nothing tour guide. Occasionally
  a cockatoo would fly overhead, squawking loudly. I would jump and the trio would
  laugh, as they were immune to the sound. We walked and talked until I was almost
  certain we were lost. The couple paraded on behind our guide with confidence, so
  I followed. We eventually came to a lone car parked in a lot, just above the disc
  golf course. They loaded their things in the back seat and I thanked them for inviting
  me along. We said our goodbyes.


  As I walked back toward hole 3 to finish my round of golf, I heard the familiar
  "Oi!" I heard an hour before, much less angry this time. "Where ya goin''?", the
  man yelled. I turned and held up my faded pink Boss. He shut his car door and walked
  towards me.


  "That reminds me... What in the world is disc golf?" he asked inquisitively. I reached
  into my bag and pulled out three spare discs, holding them in the air.


  "I thought you''d never ask", I smiled.'
