Title: What lies behind the Drakensberg mountain
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/what-lies-behind-the-drakensberg-mountain
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: The last thing I expected
AuthorName: Hazel Kosie
AuthorCountry: South Africa
Text: I drag my heel-cracked feet and make my way towards the wooden door of my rondavel
  home. I flip open the top of the door. Before I knew it, the wind speed picks up
  and its direction is somewhat altered. An angry dark-grey cumulonimbus cloud enlarges
  itself and coughs up gusty winds in a split second, rushes over the Drakensberg
  mountains. The mountain echoes sound of thunder. A sweet storm smell intrusively
  enters my narrow nostrils. While I gasp for air, the last thing that I expected
  happened. Unexpectedly, a rain drops intercept one of the many rows that characterize
  my afro, reminding me of the Muldersvlei vineyards. Hair that extends upwards but
  restricted by an invincible halo. My father yells, "Mpho, call your brother, Sipho
  to help you look for my only begotten male mountain goat." Without hesitation, we
  hurriedly run up on the side of the mountain. As competitive as I am, running with
  him had resulted in my heartbeat being irregular, simultaneously sweat slides down
  my spinal cord. This had evoked voluntary actions. I fell on my knees, not because
  I am praying that my brothers come for me, but it felt like the force of gravity
  pulled me down without thinking twice of the damage it might do to my beautiful
  knees. I scream Sipho's name. Thereafter, he disappears in the fog of the mountains.
  I follow the footsteps of my brothers. Next thing, my legs twist and I trip over
  and land in a muddy pond on my knees, again. A sweet smell lingers in the air, finds
  its way to my nose. I follow this smell. How I yearn to see what awaits me when
  I reach my destination. I walk through high waters, they don't engulf but my polka
  dotted dress is weighed down by the streams of waters. I manage to cross the river.
  My feet land in ochre ground. Men with hats that stand out like the pyramids of
  Giza approach with smiles that extend from one ear to another. The laugher of a
  little boy dressed in nothing other than black shorts, walking barefoot clasps my
  heart and makes me wonder what else is hidden behind this mountainous village. The
  boy offers me a hand shake. When I grab his hand, he places what seems to be biltong
  according to my knowledge and experiences. Afar, I hear shirking voice mumbling
  what my name could possibly be. Who was this? I asked myself. To my surprise, I
  see my big brother tirelessly, dragging the mountain sheep. "Where did you find
  him?", I chuckle with teary eyes. He breathes deeply, "I found him eating in an
  open field with other mountain sheep".
