Title: What Stardom Must Feel Like
DateModified: '2018-02-28'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/what-stardom-must-feel-like
SetInCountry: Ireland
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Noelle Kelly
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: '"What happened?" the tan uniformed policeman enquired as a small crowd formed
  around us like bees to nectar. "Nothing, we''re just waiting for the bus." He looked
  at us in disbelief. We could hardly blame him as the curious, orange-clad assembly
  grew to over twenty, more arriving to simply gape at us every second. "Come with
  me!" he ordered. We obliged, much to the dismay of our newly acquired fan club and
  were sheltered from plain sight in a makeshift tea shack. Here we would continue
  our wait. Still, we could feel eyes on us.


  We had come to Haridwar, one of northern India''s seven holy cities and were oblivious
  to the fact that the Shivaratri festival was in full swing. During this festival,
  seventeen million pilgrims descend on the city, bedecked in bright orange, the colour
  of Lord Shiva. Some walk barefoot for up to ten days to reach the holy Ganges river.
  Pilgrims come from all over the north carrying makeshift, brightly decorated offerings
  to float down the river. They collect a vial of the sacred river water to take to
  their home temple as an offering to Lord Shiva on July 17th. Most of these people
  had never seen a foreigner before, never mind two, one blue-eyed, the other blonde-haired.


  This was the second time in as many days that crowd control was employed in our
  vicinity and it was starting to become comical. The night before a policeman told
  us "No photos allowed!" during the aarti ceremony, as the crowd gathering on the
  bridge to take photos of us taking photos was blocking up the already heavily congested
  pedestrian traffic. Of course, this wasn''t our first time standing out from the
  crowd on our travels, but it is certainly one of the most intense instances.


  In mother India, a simple act like waiting for a bus or stopping to take photos
  affords you some semblance of what it must be like to be a celebrity. Being asked
  to pose for a picture became so commonplace during our six months traversing the
  nation overland that we formed rules about who we''d take photos with or we''d set
  a daily limit once reached, that was it for the day.


  I often wonder how many mantelpieces I feature on holding babies that were thrust
  into my arms for "One click please, Ma''am" or how many family photo albums we appear
  awkwardly in, like some kind of mismatched, long-lost cousins.


  As we travel to observe and behold other ways of life, how can we deny or begrudge
  the observation of us in return? We can only count our lucky stars to be in such
  a privileged position.'
