Title: What&#39;s in a name
DateModified: '2018-01-20'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/what-s-in-a-name
SetInCountry: Norway
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Patrick Ibsen
AuthorCountry: Australia
Text: 'My last name is Norwegian (Ibsen), in fact it is one of the most famous names
  in Norway. Henrik Ibsen was one of the nordic nations most cherished writers, who
  was a literary master of the dark and macabre. Not necessarily the most up beat
  chap to be associated with, but hey, fame is tempestuous mistress. It is because
  of my name that the preverbal ice was broken when starting my postgraduate degree
  in university (business, not writing in case you were wondering), In my course were
  two very attractive and exceptionally lovely Norwegian girls, Ingvild and Pernille
  (Penny), who upon learning of my last name affirmed the fame associated with it.
  I had already known that Ibsen was a well known name in the arts, but not to the
  extent that it is in Scandinavia.


  Fast forward almost 2 years and you find me visiting my two Norwegian friends at
  the tail end of my European jaunt. I arrived in Bergen to a very cold customs worker,
  who upon hearing my plans of travel in Norway to be done so alongside these friends
  (You know...The truth) did not believe me, and required me to produce my outgoing
  flight information, otherwise she wasn''t going to let me in. Once I produced said
  copies of my outgoing flights, she stamped my passport, handed it back to me, wished
  me a pleasant stay then added "You have a very famous last name Mr. Ibsen".


  Norway, was a dream. Idyllic beauty is a poor and underwhelming statement when it
  comes to describing this land, It''s people, behind a stoic veneer carry a tremendous
  amount of love, passion and kindness. A sight like Kjeraj is a social media dream,
  I admit I am guilty of partaking in its picturesque quality. The geological abnormality
  is truly breathtaking not too mention the gargantuan sheer drop either side of the
  rock. It took two tries, a patient camerawoman and a foolhardy spirit to pull off
  the picture, but I needed it, I craved it, and I got it...well Eirunn, Ingvild''s
  sister, did.


  When the tracks had been hiked, the warming food eaten, the excruciatingly expensive
  beer drunk, the sunny days had shone, the rainy days had poured and the laughter
  and love had been consumed, my time had finished, words will never truly describe
  the pain I felt upon leaving magnificent Norway. As I handed my passport to the
  customs official, he flipped through the pages landing on the page stamped "Arrived"
  and planted an official "Departed" imprint. He handed it back to me and said "You''re
  last name is very famous Mr Ibsen".


  "I know"'
