Title: What I Found in the Lost City
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/what-i-found-in-the-lost-city
SetInCountry: Colombia
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Judit Szilagyi
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'Colombia was a charged word for me. My heart raced as I booked the flight,
  the personal stakes were high. Would returning to South America trigger traumatic
  memories, or help heal the past?


  I took another step on the slippery terrain, surrounded by lush tropical forest.
  Though the path continued with imperceptible variation, by the time we arrived to
  the campsite it had woven through dense jungle, crossed the river countless times,
  ascended, and dropped back down over the mountains.


  At dawn, 1200 stone steps greeted us as the gateway to the ancient city, built in
  800 CE by the Tairona. The city, abandoned for centuries after the Spanish conquest,
  was "rediscovered" in 1972 and became known as "Ciudad Perdida" (Lost City).


  As I slipped away from the group I navigated around the overgrown path. My heart
  leapt with excitement as I peeled back the vegetation to discover hidden quarters.
  I stepped out of the shadow of the vine and took a seat on the ground. The sweeping
  views of grand terraces at the backdrop of untamed jungle brought my imagination
  to life - an entire civilization once prospered here! Who were the people occupying
  the very space where I stood? Were they able to escape the violence of the conquest?
  Did they find a way to feel at home again?


  My eyes scanned the landscape and noticed a military station - a tangible reminder
  that the violence the Tairona once fled still existed over these lands. Since the
  1960''s millions of Colombians have been harmed or displaced by guerrilla groups
  like the FARC and ELN. Remote areas have become exclusive havens for such organizations.
  The parallel is striking: much like Ciudad Perdida, Colombia was inaccessible to
  the outside world for decades.


  I felt the strength of the sun on my back, signaling it was time to rejoin the group.
  Led by our guide, we descended back to camp.


  As we journeyed away from Ciudad Perdida, we weaved back through the jungle. With
  each step I confidently maneuvered the obstacle filled terrain and contemplated
  the qualities of resilience and hope.


  Colombia is in the process of relentlessly reclaiming its land. A recent peace agreement
  with FARC demobilized the powerful guerrilla group. Such monumental steps toward
  peace have improved the quality of life for locals and opened this stunning country
  to tourism.


  Colombia is moving forward despite its violent past; it was time for me to do the
  same. On the trails of Ciudad Perdida I reclaimed aspects of courage and connection
  long lost.'
