Title: When colors call you
DateModified: '2018-02-16'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/when-colors-call-you
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Palak Laul
AuthorCountry: India
Text: When you start your journey and accidentally miss your train, will you call
  it a bad start? Well..I doubt that, I think this the most memorable start you can
  ever have. That's exactly what happened with me when I decided to travel from Delhi
  (india) to biker (rajasthan) in a thought of exploring, learning something, connecting  with
  people at this beautiful city close to border of Pakistan. Finally after catching
  the next train to the city rich with culture and heritage I decided to go to village
  on the outskirts of bikaner in the thirsty of experiencing the craft and culture
  (since rajasthan is known for its culture and rich craft). So that day I ended up
  at a place near 2 A.D village. I heard that 2 A.D is a village known for its embroidery
  and having no idea what it exactly is, holding my stomach tight which us full of
  excitement I slept for a night in a hotel and early morning I left to visit that
  village. Lucky I visited that place with someone who already knew that place really
  well. So we went to the main house of that village and their welcome was truly grand,
  with such big heart and open arms they welcomed us and with in 15 minutes the whole
  village ladies came for the warm welcome. Who didn't  knew that the dessert place
  can be made so colourfull not only by the warmth and happiness around people but
  the way they carry themselves and the houses, utensils everything. Bust of bright
  yellow red pink blue and mirrors was making that place so vibrant. Their bedsheets
  and the embroidery on top it was a piece of art of this own kind. It was a treat
  to the eye. The story behind those embroidery  made my eyes more wide open when
  I got to from those people that some of these techniques were travelled from pakisthan
  during the time of partition. Interaction with them, having supur became so deep
  that at a point we all started dancing and singing song. And when did the day ended
  nobody knows. Who would knew that randomly made plans can end in such a good shape
  and it will an impact on you for life time. I think I never left those people behind
  while coming back there essence and warmth will always remain with me.
