Title: When your soul desires abroad
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/when-your-soul-desires-abroad-2
SetInCountry: Ukraine
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Andriy Tykhyi
AuthorCountry: Ukraine
Text: 'One day in the life of every man a moment comes when his destiny takes him
  away from his home, away from familiar people. It can be another district, another
  city, even another country. Every time we are concerned about how new people will
  accept us, how can we don`t get lost in a new society.

  Often, the fear of a new environment bothers you, especially when you leave your
  home for the first time. When you remain in a new country, you realize that you
  need to behave in the same way as locals behave, you must fully comply their laws,
  even if they seem to you unusual and strange. But what if you do not know these
  laws? What to do if  new society surrounds you suddenly?

  Bear Grylls, a presenter of the ''Ultimate survival'' on the Discovery channel,
  proved me that the answers to these questions hide in the depths of human consciousness.
  In his program Bear shows how to survive in the wildlife and find a salvation. Every
  time this salvation is people. It does not matter there are people who control airplanes
  or tribes of cannibals in Africa, first of all there are people you''ve been waiting
  for so long, spending lot of time in the wildlife alone.

  Bear proved, that we don`t need to speak the same language for making a local connection,
  because the most important languages are language of feelings, language of eyes,
  language of respect, that will help you to feel free in any environment.

  It''s wonderful that the world is filled with diverse cultures, because we can meet
  new people, become friends with those who are completely unlike us. This is a great
  moment when you feel free to be among people who have a completely different way
  of life. Maybe. I hope so. Because I grew up in a not rich family and had never
  been abroad. But my soul desires...'
