Title: When the world turned beautiful
DateModified: '2018-02-15'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/when-the-world-turned-beautiful
SetInCountry: India
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Ashik Gem
AuthorCountry: India
Text: I don't know where to start. I don't even know why I'm writing this but somethin
  tells me to write. I'm a typical Indian guy who was pampered and raised in a closed
  circle. The motto of my life was "study work then get married and die". The worst
  place in my life was my hometown "The place sucks" it had nothin no proper signals,
  no fancy restaurants, no pubs, no malls, nothin just nothin all they had was the
  ocean. After I was done with my college education I didn't have a choice but to
  go back home and stay for sometime "life was hell". Some people told me to read
  some told me to write but none of that is my thing. I don't rite I don't read none
  of these r my things and of all the things I was a marine engineer who doesn't know
  to swim. I went up to my dad "Dad I wanna swim". Two days later my dad says come
  with me he took me to the beach where i was introduced to One of his friend who
  was 49 years old. Dad says "buddy!! Get things done" and then he leaves. I'm in
  the place in hate the most with a guy I don't even know and he is gonna teach me
  to swim "can life get any worse". He spoke to me for a while and told me to come
  the next day at 5:00am. Tat was the time I'll hit my bed after all those movies
  and Tv shows. The next morning I went there and he came almost 15 mins later, I
  was pissed already and then he said let's workout for sometime and then swim. We
  ran for almost 10kms, I was left for dead. Just after that he said let's do some
  workout which went for another hour and then we went for a swim. I was dead I can't
  swim I can't even stand. I decide I'm not gonna do this again and I don't wanna
  learn to swim but the next day I was there at 5:00am. I had no idea why I even went
  ter. Two Weeks later im swimming in the sea. A 22 year old marine engineer who was
  embarrassed and scared once is now swimming like a shark in the ocean. I was swimming
  everytime I started to love the place, I started to love everything. Then something
  changed, all my life I was wrong. This whole world is beautiful but I was dumb enough
  not to notice it. I thought I gotta leave. I gotta see the world, I took my bags
  with a little amount of money I had I left. I went to Gokarna, a small village in
  the state of Karnataka. "Man!!! The place was a paradise". Everything that I once
  hated was the best thing ever. Spoke to a lot of locals, walked around the whole
  place, ate with people, smoked with people and suddenly I flet "so many good people".
  All I gotta say is "what a wonderful world".
