Title: When the Rock switches off
DateModified: '2018-02-26'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/when-the-rock-switches-off
SetInCountry: Australia
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Neus Rovira Talaveron
AuthorCountry: Spain
Text: 'Marta had felt tired, confused, numb... Everything around her had seemed damper,
  as if she were under water. She had been cloistered on a plane (in fact, on three
  different planes) for more than thirty hours in the last two days. She had barely
  rested because her seatmate had needed to go to the bathroom everytime she had been
  able to fall asleep. During the flight she had plenty of time to think, too much
  time. The thought increased the feeling that she was a coward for fleeing problems
  without facing them. She was used to hearing this as a complaint from others, but
  never had felt so guilty and selfish.


  Marta had had breakfast just four hour after having had dinner. Her stomach had
  felt weird for hours. She had stood for an hour on the border queue and, afterwards,
  she hadn''t been able to find her luggage and had an argument with some guide. In
  the next few days they were supposed to send it to the hotel where she was going
  go stay. By the time she could reach the bus stop outside the airport, the vehicle
  had already gone and she was forced to rent a car. A huge and automatic car, that
  was the only one left at the rental store. She had been praying while driving, all
  the way to the the hotel. It was her first time driving on the left side of the
  road!


  Finally, she reached the resort where she was going to stay. When she jumped out
  the car, she felt a heat wave that slapped her in the face. The climate was extremely
  hot and humid, the air was full of mosquitoes and other bugs. Some people, both
  tourist and natives, wore a net covering their faces. It looked a little ridiculous.
  When she got the room, she was in such a bar mood that seriously hesitated if going
  out was worthy.


  But she did. She changed clothes, washed her face and jumped in that massive car
  again.


  She arrived twenty minutes ten minutes early and the place was so crowded by then.
  It felt as if she had left home months ago, even years. But then, there she was,
  staring that great bright orange sacred rock, in the center of the biggest country
  in the smallest continent of the world. Almost the furthest place from fer home.
  It was 19.40, on Friday January 22nd.: the sunset finished behind her and Mount
  Uluru''s light swicthed off. Everything stopped. She didn''t feel tiredness, nor
  guilt- She just felt like in a trance for maybe 10 minutes. Overwhelming. For sure,
  it must had been the work of the extraterrestrial gods, the ancient Aboriginal people
  believed in.'
