Title: When the edge is Saint- Exup&#233;ry in the middle!
DateModified: '2018-02-09'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/when-the-edge-is-saint-exupery-in-the-middle
SetInCountry: Italy
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: marta marras
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'I tried not to be too brave or stupid, because my friend''s invite was weird:
  "come to see me in Le Clusaz", a place with many expecting people -maybe me; i wasn''t
  particularly excited by his purpose, also if i followed my instinct: this because
  i was expecting invites by other friends, that never came, also if you know social
  networking... In any case it would have been kinda a downstrean dj pass, as i understood
  after having spoken with a new friend in the train, addicted to extreme sports.
  As a matter of fact, i contacted BlaBla car, a site where private car drivers take
  you to places in exchange for your money help. The man i choosed for the blablapassage
  had to be present to a marriage, and i was late, they told me by phone they were
  already arrived to the station i had to reach with the train to meet them. I was
  one station before, it was too late. I have never had much money but i have much
  faith in me and other people, so i decided to stay in the train and try to reach
  my Lyonnaise friend in Le Clusaz anyway, he told me he would have payed once there!
  I wasn''t sure i would have reached the place anymore and i don''t remember how
  i introduced myself to the man who gave me the courage to stay in the train, to
  reach the place in an other way. We spoke a little before he got off the train,
  in Courmayeur, where he wanted to snowboard. I was afraid because we felt attracted
  and a couple asked us where they were. I''m used to be considered an autochthonous
  in every place i am, but it was too much, they looked like the hill people. Said
  goodbye i watched the white flowing landscape until the last stop, Aosta. Empty
  little station and just a bus stop in a petrol station, to the place i was hoping
  was my friend''s suggestion. The bus driver was so kind and introduced me Alice,
  his daughter, who told me i couldn''t reach Le Clusaz if not with expensive taxies.
  That''s how i arrived to La Clusa, a restaurant i was hoping could be Le Clusaz!
  Thanks to the owner of La Clusa and her wifi, i told my friend where i was with
  my computer and decided to go to Lyon. Returned to the station of Aosta i found
  two boyish models, with whom i spoked until we reached the central station of Milan!
  They were together and invited me to the house of a man i should have treated well.
  Today, if i wonder about it, i really consider ambiguous what their friend wanted
  them to say. I think they left me because of my Certo-sure! As i told you, i decided
  to go to Lyon, but i barely remember how!'
