Title: When I couldn&#39;t breathe I felt alive.
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/when-i-couldn-t-breathe-i-felt-alive
SetInCountry: South Africa
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Ana Clara Cavalcante
AuthorCountry: Brazil
Text: 'There I was, standing in front of my biggest obstacle until then. The stones
  around me were static and damp as if they held the air as they watched me face the
  challenge that place was proposing to me. Water flowed down the "walls" as each
  of my friends fought their own battles and faced the unknown. I was the mirror of
  the cave. Sweat was rolling down my skin, and I was both stunned and afraid.

  Around me, people were making noise, but I couldn''t listen to a word. I was focusing
  only on the issue, on the fear. That was no surprise though. I used to do that my
  whole life. Create expectations and get disappointed, lose sight of beautiful things
  and complain about the world. But there, far from the worries of life, I could see
  what to me were the obvious choice: I had the chance right there in few seconds
  to confront one of my biggest fears that were, objectively, to feel trapped in a
  tight space. Fooling me, I believed for a couple of minutes that the obstacle meant
  it. A way to forget one of my fears. A way to become stronger.

  As the time passed, in my memory the path down there was livid and solid. By that
  moment, I was in that cave for almost an hour or even more. Time wasn''t the same
  inside there. I could remember the group of friends I was, our faces when the adventure
  started and the glow in our eyes. Also, where in my mind that some already had given
  up and with that inevitably came the respect for each one''s limits. In the path,
  I also saw a father and its son that stopped in the middle of the way, and then
  felt the affectivity and dependence. The experience was in that moment, everything
  that mattered was there, whether inside or outside me.

  In addition to the memories, I could feel the details. The texture of the walls,
  the clear sound that water made, and the energy of other people. The issue wasn''t
  even an issue anymore. I finally decided taking steps toward the unknown. They were
  tiny, almost unnoticeable at first but when I realized I was going through the stoned
  hole, which was unexpectedly directed upwards and only after a certain point its
  direction changed to going down.

  The guides called the experience of "the birth" and it was, indeed, a renewing experience.
  I still had many fears and I did not feel stronger, but I felt everything else intensely.
  I felt vulnerable and this was the main meaning.'
