Title: Why I had a panic attack in the airport
DateModified: '2018-03-01'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/why-i-had-a-panic-attack-in-the-airport
SetInCountry: Nicaragua
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Thomas Hagan
AuthorCountry: United States of America
Text: 'The best guitarist I''ve ever heard lives in the rainforest. That''s right.
  Imagine the sound of strings strumming, as howler monkeys screech in the background.
  That was the soundtrack to my trip to Nicaragua in summer of 2014, when I traveled
  to the province of Jinotega with the international non-profit called buildOn. On
  this "trek", I had the opportunity to travel to a small village with a team of volunteers.
  There, we stayed with host families each night, while doing construction on a new
  primary school during the day. Our host family was shy at first, as we had never
  met, we were to be sleeping in their home for a week, and we only spoke a little
  bit of Spanish. The first night there, we took turns reading an English Bible to
  them, and spent our time together teaching each other English and Spanish. At one
  point late in the afternoon, mid-week, we were all sitting in the house together,
  and our host father, Sergio, was playing guitar casually, plucking string by string.
  He wasn''t playing anything too impressive and honestly didn''t sound that great,
  but it was still refreshing to hear music as the breeze rushed through the living
  room.


  Later on that night, he started playing again, but was in the bedroom and he didn''t
  know we could hear him playing.

  Coming from behind that door was the most beautiful guitar playing I had ever heard.
  The chords rang through the air as if mountains surrounding us were amplifying the
  noise. Where the sound waves resonated, the mountains met the clouds in a beautiful
  painting made of light and sound. It was a truly magical experience, one of the
  most intimate moments of my trip.


  Being able to spend a week in rural Central America really allowed me to connect
  with my host family and village in a way that I hadn''t had the privilege of doing
  since the beginning of the technological age. Cell phones and personal electronic
  devices have completely changed the meaning of what it means to make a connection.
  Being in Nicaragua, detached from the rest of the world, gave me that genuine connection
  I had been yearning for since childhood. In fact, the connection that I made with
  the locals there was so profound, that my return to the United States was actually
  a culture shock. Upon arriving in Miami on the way home, I had a panic attack in
  the airport due to the fact that almost everybody was glued to their phone screens
  with their eyes glazed over.


  https://www.instagram.com/p/3JRBzALGfU/?taken-by=heyhagan


  https://www.instagram.com/p/4D64A9rGcn/?taken-by=heyhagan'
