Title: Your hand over mine
DateModified: '2018-02-14'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/your-hand-over-mine
SetInCountry: Burkina Faso
Category: Making a local connection
AuthorName: Jasmine Vuilleumier
AuthorCountry: Italy
Text: 'Travel to never return as you left! But how to know if we really changed?

  Probably when I decided to leave on an unexpected journey, something absolutely
  unplanned.

  One day my father asked me to go to Burkina Faso joining a volunteer association.
  He did not expect my positive answer. I said yes without reflecting or thinking
  about the possible consequences. That took us on a flight to Koupela, with the only
  desire to try to help the less fortunate.

  There are many experiences lived during those days too short. We visited villages,
  had lunch with local people, listened to the elders telling us about their traditions.

  I remember when we went to a tiny village far from the main road, where the houses
  are built with straw and red clay. An old lady thanked us almost crying, because
  it was the first time she shook hands with a white man.

  Many women on the edge of dirt roads to sell bundles of carrots only to be able
  to earn some change. Our luck to attend the opening of a well of water with the
  big party that follows.

  The strongest emotions are those experienced with children. Watching six years old
  girls carry the younger brothers over their shoulders, wrapped in large bands of
  fabric, others running scared away not being used to our appearance, watching them
  sharing a candy so everyone could taste a piece.

  Although poverty is perceived on every street corner and in the eyes of the population,
  those people have a profound joy that shines through every action, they laugh, play,
  run to greet you, shake hands, ask questions.

  These emotions can only be experienced in these places so far from our homes.

  Our Western life, our society could never be compared to those distant lives, to
  that 3rd world so little considered and sometimes almost forgotten. We have probably
  lost fundamental values that there, among those poor people, are still so alive
  and profound. The simplicity of things!

  We unconsciously lose ourselves in our daily routine, we complain about the banalities,
  we get angry with life because it is not the one we wished, we get nervous for our
  dissatisfaction.

  We cannot ignore the society in which we are inserted, but experiences like this,
  the contact with different cultures and people who survive or at least try to succeed,
  these moments can help to perceive and appreciate the fortune that has been granted
  to us.

  I will definitely return to Koupela in the near future. Too many are the wonderful
  people I met, there are too many emotions I cannot forget.'
