Title: Your calling will find you everywhere.
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/your-calling-will-find-you-everywhere
SetInCountry: Spain
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Aigerim Shaikhina
AuthorCountry: Kazakhstan
Text: I am a nomad by descent and a nomad at heart. Indeed, since childhood I've been
  fortunate to travel and live around the world. To able to do that my parents worked
  hard so I could take English and French classes and participate in a folk dance
  ensemble.When I was nine my dance tutor invited a guest choreographer who was the
  first one to bring flamenco to Kazakhstan.I saw her dancing flamenco and it moved
  something deep inside me.I fell in love with flamenco once and forever.I made myself
  a promise that one day I would go to Spain and learn this beautiful dance.But time
  went by and my parents were preparing me for the international affairs career.Although
  I liked the prospects of diplomatic service I decided to take my chances and tell
  my parents I want to be a choreographer. They reasoned me out of it promising that
  I'd be able to do anything I wanted with my life after I received quality education.
  It sounded like a great deal for a teenager, so I won a scholarship and enrolled
  in Edinburgh University 'Social policy and politics' degree program.I never forgot
  about my childhood dream, so I attended three flamenco schools for four years.Just
  before my graduation I went to a flamenco noche, where I saw a new dancer, Mayte.The
  minute she did her first steps,I recognized that feeling I had when I was nine.
  I left home but again promised myself to go to Mayte's flamenco school in Spain.Back
  home I started my career in a newly established university with English instruction
  which I really enjoyed.My parents were happy for me to start a promising career.But
  my heart never stopped missing flamenco.I craved for a total freedom it used to
  give me,freedom of self expression,where I feel every bit of my body and release
  control of my mind, where I can communicate through improvisation all my feelings
  and emotions without the fear of being judged, where there is no right or wrong,where
  I can be my real self. Appreciating my parents' huge input to my life, as a good
  daughter I felt I needed to fulfill their expectations of me.It took me two years
  to push myself to the edge and tell my parents that flamenco is my life. They gave
  me their blessing to follow my real passion. I set off for a life changing trip
  to Spain. But this is a different story to tell, another great chapter of my life.
  Upon my return I met a flamenco guitarist and a cajon player. Together we founded
  'Flamenco Theatre Astana'. We are welcome at arts events. I teach flamenco in two
  cities. I am happy.
