Title: 'Youth and The Subterranean Kaleidoscope Under Seychelles  '
DateModified: '2018-02-27'
DatePublished: '2018-04-20'
Url: https://www.worldnomads.com/create/scholarships/writing/2018/applications/youth-and-the-subterranean-kaleidoscope-under-seychelles
SetInCountry: Seychelles
Category: A decision that pushed me to the edge
AuthorName: Jonathan Lindgren
AuthorCountry: Ireland
Text: In 2003, I was fortunate enough to travel with my parents to the Seychelles
  for their honeymoon at around the age of six. I'm still not sure why they decided
  to bring me along but that aside I will always be grateful that they did. The Seychelles
  is located in East Africa and like many honeymoon hotspots, its romantic allure
  stems from a perfect combination between crystal waters and a vibrant plethora of
  natural wonders that puts anything Google Images tries to imitate to shame. During
  one of the days we spent there, we were taken via a boat to see a small fraction
  of the many islands that compose this archipelago. As any experience from a young
  age goes, all the events seem to tumble into each other but nevertheless seem to
  remain perfectly clear in the memory depending on their poignancy. As we lay drinking
  coconut milk from an actual coconut (a bit cliche, I know) on the beaches of one
  of Seychelles remote islands, the next part of the day trip was to be guided by
  a sea turtle to try spot a whale shark. Now when you are a child staring across
  the sea to its horizon, the waters seem to capture the complete emptiness akin to
  the universe. With that in mind, I was absolutely terrified by the idea of being
  guided by a sea turtle. What if the sea turtle got us lost? What even is a whale
  shark? Yes, these were the innocent and illogical fears that I harboured being the
  six year old that I was. So it was decided that I stay on the boat while my parents
  ventured off. The next sequence of events I remember with almost perfect clarity
  as if they only happened a few seconds ago. As I watched my parents gently clasp
  the beautiful enormous shell of this oceanic wonder I felt a deep shame. I knew
  as soon as they floated off that I had missed an experience of a life time. But
  fear is fear. However, the two men who drove the boat asked if I wanted to look
  into the water with a snorkel. This was agreeable because the boat was my safety
  net. So I put the snorkel on, tugging the rubber till it was comfortable around
  my head. I tepidly stepped towards the edge of the boat and with great courage I
  dipped my head under the water. I am twenty now and to this day there a few images
  in the river of my memories that are as beautiful as what I saw under the vastness
  of that deep blue. Fishes of every colour, shape, and size swarming right under
  me. An aquatic painting in motion that I could have observed all day. It was in
  that moment that I fell in love with the ocean.
